 Don't see this one get mentioned very often but - "It takes forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes, I'll just throw one in there, even if I don't want one. By the time it's done, who knows?" I was in a park, I saw a kid flying a kite. He was so excited that his kite was in the sky. I don't know why, that's what they're supposed to do. Now had he had a chair on the other end of that string, I would've known. Imagine trying to fly a chair, you'd have to run like a motherfucker. "Every book is a children's book if the kid can read!" R.I.P., Mitch.  I haven't slept for ten days. Because that would be too long. I actually saw him on his last tour before he died. He was way fucked up. I framed the ticket though. I like to eat rice when im hungry and want a thousand of something. 

My jeans have belt loops to hold my belt and my belt holds my jeans. I dont know who is the real hero.  My favorite joke, " I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to, too." I recently heard some of his early stuff and it made me sad -- it was so much faster-paced and energetic.  More present. I loved him so much.  My dad snuck me into an 18+ only comedy club when I was 14 so we could go see him (I think the door guys knew but relized i was with my dad so didn't care).  I even still have is original CD with his own homemade cover that looks like it was made in MS Paint.

Edit: I found a picture of the original cover for "strategic grill locations"  This was the cover while he was selling the CD's on his own and before comedy central re-released it. http://rymimg.com/lk/f/l/826f14f686ef84589929b5f7f77eddf8/2763873.jpg My senior year in high school, my friend and I had tickets to go see him when he came through town.  I was psyched.  He was by far my favorite comedian.  When we went, the bouncer wouldn't let us in because you had to be 21 or over to get in.  Mitch died a month later.  Fuck my life. Just last week I Quoted him "An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You should never see an Escalator Temporarily Out Of Order sign, just Escalator Temporarily Stairs. Sorry for the convenience."  Too bad he didn't see a commercial for heroin. Has it really only been 8 years?

"I wrote a script and I took it to someone who reads scripts.

He told me it's good but I need to re-write it. 

I said fuck that, I'll just make a copy." My friend in highschool made his quote in our Senior Yearbook "Ducks eat for free at Subway"

I've been jealous since

Edit: [Video Source](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yamc6Y7dgac) There are 6 ducks outside.  They all want Sun Chips! maybe I'm just too stoned but... who is this guy?  This is Mitch Hedburg, just for those who don't know and may be interested. I saw his stand up special on youtube. I thought the first five minutes was the worst stand-up I'd ever seen. Then something clicked and the rest of the show made Mitch my favorite comedian of all time. I created a radio station on Pandora for stand up comedy and used Mitch as my favorite comedian... 

Makes my commute so much more enjoyable.  "Back stage I noticed my fingernails needed to be cut. But I was like, 'fuck it, tonight I'm a wizard."

He supposedly said that at an mpls show. "I saw this commercial on late night TV, it was for this thing you attach to a garden hose, it was like "You can water your hard-to-reach plants with this product." Who the fuck would make their plants hard to reach? That seems so very mean. "I know you need water, but I'm gonna make you hard to reach! I will throw water at you. Hopefully they will invent a product before you shrivel and die! Think like a cactus!" "I think Pizza Hut is the cockiest pizza chain on the planet, cuz Pizza Hut will accept all competitors coupons. 
Mitch's pizzeria, this weeks coupon unlimited free pizza. Special note: coupon not good at any of the Mitch's pizza locations. 
Free pizza oven with purchase.....of a small coke. 2fer Tuesday, but one pizza get one franchise free." 
Too many great jokes, rip Mitch  I think I'll open up a chain of chair,lunch, and dinners and set them up from the bed and breakfasts Many have tried his delivery and they all have failed. There's not many that are truly one of a kind and special but god dammit he was one of the best.  A dog is constantly in the pushup position If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be fucked up. One of my favorites:
 "My friend said to me, "I think the weather's trippy." I said, "No, man, it's not the weather that's trippy, perhaps it is the way that we perceive it that is indeed trippy." Then I thought, "Man, I should have just said, 'Yeah.'"" One of my favorites: I used to live here in Los Angeles... and I had an apartment, and I had a neighbor. And whenever he would knock on my wall, I knew he wanted me to turn my music down. And that made me angry, cause I like loud music. So when he knocked on the wall, I'd mess with his head. I'd say, "go around! I cannot open the wall. I don't know if you have a doorknob on the other side, but over here there's nothing... it's just flat!"

 When ever your telling one of his jokes you have to imitate his voice and delivery as best you can  I would trade all the comedians we have now for Mitch Hedberg and Bill Hicks to come back. They were more than enough for me. We miss you Mitch!! "This shirt is 'dry-clean only'...which means it's dirty."
 Was lucky enough to see Mitch live just a few months before he passed. It was absolutely hilarious. The part that always sticks out for me is that he would walk close to the monitors and the microphone would feedback, and he'd go... "Whoa... this show is~ trippyyy". Such a great take on comedy. the king of one liners. What's his name because he's one of my favorites Thank you for the laugh. I love Mitch. I really miss him :(  RIP I discovered bill hicks through tool, and after listening to all of his love stuff I was completely hooked.  Carlin was amazing in his prime, but something about bill and his sense of "prying" your mind just was overwhelmingly intriguing. I'm not discounting Lenny's talent at all.  Everytime I see a post from Hedberg I say to myself, 'Darn man, that he is gone is a tragedy'. Is he gonna come back? What's a slip cover All this does is depress me because I recently left one of his CD's in a rental car and when I called the rental company... all they gave me was heartbreak. :( Reading these comments quoting his jokes got me thinking... 

"He had some very oddball jokes" 

Shame he died from drugs. For the past month or so instead of having the tv on, I throw on Mitch Hedberg radio on pandora to a bluetooth speaker .. 

Greatest thing I've thought to do. Sleep is outstanding now. Thank you Mitch I never got one of his jokes: "Bologna is deli meat for people with eyes". Does anyone know what this means? http://i.imgur.com/MiCwmnH.png I just watched his comedy central special two hours ago, and this was the first thing I saw when I opened reddit today. This is wonderful.  Here is the [biography for Mitch Hedberg those that need context.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitch_Hedberg) "Hey Peter Frampton! Do you like toast too!? Yes, as do I, it is warm and crispy... and the perfect place for jelly to lay. Now stay the fuck away from me Frampton, I ain't got shit to say to you!" Well I guess I know what I'll be doing on YouTube for the next few hours now. "I was walking by a dry cleaners at 3 a.m. and there was a sign that said 'Sorry, We're Closed' 

You don't have to be sorry. It's 3 a.m. and you're a dry cleaner. It would be ridiculous for me to expect you to be open. I'm not gonna come by at 10 and say, 'Hey! I was here at 3 a.m and you guys were closed. Someone owes me an apology!'"

I was three months away from 18 when he died. One of my goals was to see him live after I turned 18. It's still one of my biggest regrets in life. I cant believe its been 8 years... he was truly an original comedian Who is this guy? Sorry for my lack of knowledge. Ah, comedy perfection.  RIP Mitch. One of my college friends is Mitch's niece. She says that he was just as funny offstage as he was on. She makes him sound like a really good guy.  that 70s show http://youtu.be/ghB267hcPZs?t=29s  He came to my university around 10 years ago. I had no idea who he was but bought some tickets anyway. I thought I was going to seeing a normal stand up act. Unfortunately this made me super bored during his whole show cause I kept waiting for the real comedy to start. Looking back on it now, his jokes make me chuckle even now. "I had an ant farm once. Those motherfuckers didn't grow shit."

Just because it'll be the next comment : "Plus, if I tore your legs off, you would look like Snowmen.' One of my favorite comedians on all time. Many laughs in high school.  I've never heard of this guy. Just played the duck video and several others. I'm in tears!!!!!!! formulaic and lame I hate playing tennis with the wall.  It's so damn good 8 years, and I still don't know who he is The other day I saw a hobo eating grapes, and I was like...Dude! You have to wait. An Escalator cannot break, it can only become stairs...Escalator temporarily stairs, sorry for the convenience. Wow. I guess I *am* the only one here who doesn't find him funny. I'm listening to him in a car right now. I'm so happy to stumble apon this.  Am I the only person on reddit who finds him unfunny?

Oh...I must be. Sorry, hivemind, for voicing an opinion. U wish I could upvote this 4000 times.  "Escalators can't break...they judst become stairs." I need his name !!!!!!!   This dude is great!!   Thanks This is Mitch Hedberg BTW for all of those scrolling down looking for it. can someone let me know this guys name!?! All I remember about him is a really stupid joke about baked potatos taking a long time to bake. The crowd boo'd him. I know this is going to get downvoted but I never found him funny at all. What an unfunny junkie. I am glad that shithead is gone and is no longer around to poison us with his crappy jokes. I seriously fucking hate his brand of retarded humor. Ok, maybe if I was 12 it would get me to chuckle. 

Edit: Downvote me, please! I'm trying to get an accurate total of all the retards that are amused by this junkie

I'd dig up his body and beat anyone who laughs at his jokes on the head with his tibia - that would effectively make it the only funny bone in his body. 


 He did just kind of hand it to him. 'Cept the injun would've been nonplussed at the concept of owning nature... http://i.imgur.com/Opv98.gif [Original.](http://i.imgur.com/YF5VKs8.jpg) I made this.  Off the top of my head (pardon any mistakes)

* The Celts took Ireland from its Neolithic residents (Mythologically known as the Firbolgs)
* The Scottii Irish and the Picts took most of Scotland from the Celts already living there
* The Angles, Saxons and Jutes (the English) took England from the Britons
* The Franks took France from the Gauls
* The Vandals, Visigoths, Moors, and others (I can't remember their names) Filled up Spain until there wasn't a single Iberian left
* Central Europe is a cocktail of settled invaders (Ostrogoths, Magyars, Slavs)

The list goes on. History can be well defined by invasion and settlement. The only reason America gets so much crap is because it's among the most recent mass movements.
 "Do you have a flag? No flag no country you can't have one ."

http://youtube.com/watch?v=UTduy7Qkvk8 Why is only U.S.A included in this? Why not Mexico, Canada, or any of South America? Because Canada never had a history in this exact same thing. the USA is the only nation to ever take their land from someone else in the entire world and they should feel bad about it You can't *own* property, man. Same goes for this picture. where did the dude on the left go?! First frame should be "I don't believe in ownership"

Edit: okay fine the first frame should be "We share this"  This appears to be a stolen and modified version of Anthony ([Nedroid](http://nedroid.com/)) Clark's [comic](http://nedroidcomics.tumblr.com/post/41879001445/the-internet) about *people who steal things from the internet*...

Stealing sucks. Nedroid rocks.

[edit: fixed comic link] Shouldn't the Native's first quote be like "No one owns this." I thought the Native Americans didn't have a real concept of ownership. So wait they didn't own the area that would come to be known as Canada and Mexico. I made this This comic was originally drawn by Anthony Clark of Nedroid:
http://nedroidcomics.tumblr.com/post/41879001445/the-internet

The focus of the comic was content ownership in the internet age.
I think that if you're doing edits of it, then you're kind of missing the point. Most of the land the US bought from other countries that pulled that shenanigan first. A proud history of the U.S., or this site? I think America and Europe can evenly split the blame here. What part of "it was a different time" doesn't make sense? This is what people did all the time throughout history....why is it that big of a deal today?  There's a lot wrong here.  The Indians never thought they owned America, and the Pilgrams never did shit.  They're only in the history books because they were the first Europeans in that region.  That didn't actually do anything to impact history.   Not to be "that guy" but the native americans never claimed to own and land. They lived on the land and appreciated it as their source of life and survival. This version gets the original intent of the comic exactly backwards.

It's supposed to me about the usurper coming up to the original owner and wrongly claiming it's theirs.

And that's entirely aside from the fact that the Native Americans never claimed to own the land at all.

And that [OP posted this 3 weeks ago, got no karma, deleted that post and is reposting his own crap](http://karmadecay.com/r/funny/comments/1o0qqc/a_proud_history/), and is therefore a faggot. How Reddit works So this is how reposts work... AKA how all OC on Reddit starts. Reminds me of Cyanide and Happiness... Why does the native american have a woman with a large penis hanging from his ear? This is about Native Americans (re)claiming ownership of the United States, and the descendants of Europeans feeling bad about it? Add a panel in the middle where the pilgrim coughed on the native american. Saw this on the front page on Leif Erikson Day. But where did the Indian go?

....

Oh.

:( HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHA Thas my hamma Canadian detected i don't know about you, but danny conner sounds like a guy that probably benefited from the point of cartoon he's sharing. It's weird that the shape is that of the United States. Surely the Lakota and Sioux were as alien to each other as they were from Aztecs and Inuits?  “The Earth does not belong to us, we belong to the Earth” - Chief Seattle Government shuts down, still a super power country... We still win  I always thought that the context of the original was a thief handing back something the other guy made and the other guy looking at it and saying 'I made this.'  Seems like Reddit Not funny, sophomoric to the nth degree. HAHAH THAT'S HOW AMERICAN HAPPENED HAHAHAHA  Whenever I've seen this image, there was nothing distinguishing which person was truly the original owner. In this case, it's obvious with the use of attire and I always depicted it the other way around. The owner would be on the right, he is having something he made a while ago handed to him, and coming to the realization that it's being circulated as belonging to someone else. It never occurred to me that the person on the left is the owner and the person on the right is just going through stages of envy. Perspective is funny. I think it went more like this:

Pilgrims: "Can we have this?"

Indians: "What does have mean?"

Pilgrims: "O.K." As someone who is actually reading about this in my college class, this is the exact way I tell people what I am learning in the class. I don't think the indigenous people of north America thought they owned it, or had any idea what ownership was. I swear this is how the repost process works. Ready for my barrage of downvotes and negative replies.

You can argue the 13 colonies were stolen by the British. I can't find any links or sources, but I do remember reading in American history class that the land the 13 colonies were made up of were actually bought and paid for. Under an agreement that the Natives could continue living on the land they were already living on.

Then the US bought the Louisiana Purchase from the French. So, you can make the argument of what France's rightful claim to that land was. The majority of the West was acquired through the Treaty of Gudalupe Hildago with Mexico.  Then the Oregon Territory was purchased from Britain and Alaska from Russia.

So can you really say the Americans "stole" the land from someone? Granted the Natives were here first, but technically the Americans got all their land legally from recognized countries or someone who had laid claim to the land.

On a side note, the Natives were not **one** people.  There were literally hundreds of different nations, all of whom had different languages, religion, customs, waged wars, enslaved one another etc. It's like having a picture of an Englishman and saying he represents all of Europe.   ITT: History trivialized by White middle to upper class hipsters.

Both Natives and Americans ripped each other to shreds for land that was filled to the brim with resources. This wasn't bullying, this was a war that the Natives fought well for. I know you like to think you're doing a good thing by painting Natives as pussies due to your White guilt, but you're wrong. This is racist.  I demand that the Redskins change their name immediately. You forgot the frame where he kills the indian. Manifest Destiny Bitch! Guns germs and steel. Lets not forget that Canada did the same thing.  I'm Native. No comment except it looks like there aren't many other Natives on Reddit. Haha  America, stolen from the Indians and built by the Africans and Chinese. You could say the same of many countries. you forgot the part where the indian gets shot in the face.  Itt: defensive white americans why is this being upvoted.... the Indians thought they were swindling the colonists when they sold Manhattan for $24 and a chest of trinkets.  "ha, look at those stupid Europeans thinking they can 'buy' land"  In the event of a government shutdown the American Indian Nations should take over. That's not at all a true characterization of our history...the Native American is not laid out dead in the last frame. All these people are white. I can tell by their rationalization. The tone is one that bullies. Oh thats nothing.  

Christopher Columbus is a genocidal ass clown that you people celebrate every year.  How nuts is that? Dam right we do!! not quite how it went down - you forgot about genocide, poisonings, etc. It should say, in the first frame, "I do not own this". regardless of the iteration,  this comic never ceases to creep me the fuck out I thought we were an autonomous collective. Social evolution in practice.  We see this all the time. But seriously. we came to the Americas to escape oppression. What does everyone want from us in the 2013? Give all the land back and move to Europe? Now you need a Hispanic to take it away from the pilgrim.   As somebody who is of both Native American and European ancestry, I have mixed feelings about this whole affair. I made this -.- and now America is home to half a billion, most powerful nation on earth, richest and all that. 

yeah, Indians.... meh The history of all civilizations everywhere. Sorry to break it to you, but white people didn't invent genocide. Well they didnt know what owned meant  TIL: Native Americans claimed to own all of the United States.  Good God. Whoever took the time to make this for a little ego boost from their "Liberal" butt buddies is just pathetic.   Look!  The concept of reddit!  Because no one in history has every taken land from indigenous people and claimed it as their own.  Man, we are assholes. I don't get what all the fuss is about. A nation conquered another nation. Wow, that has *NEVER* happened before in history. 

Good god, next you'll be telling me there was some bad treatment by the conquering nation? Noway. That doesn't sound like humans at all! Ya the natives have a proud history of having no technology. The natives never would've landed on the moon. Without foreigners coming the natives would still be living in straw huts with no electricity or airplanes and would have a much lower life span without modern medicine and medical technology. ha.  where would those indians be today in the year 2013 if we had never educated them?  they would be chasing buffalo, smoking ditch weed,  disembowling one another, and scratching their asses in the mud.  At least they have a floor on which to sit in their trailer on the reservation.   it is no wonder that the only initiative they've drummed up in 250 years is a few occasional complaints. not the most impressive race by far. It's a fucking planet. NOBODY owns ANYTHING. Stupid human pretensions.
edit: Im talking in terms of land, not personal belongings. The planet is for all human beings, not for one group to own or take over forcefully. The point is in a perfect world we should all live in harmony. Dis* yea, well Jesus made it.  so have fun trying to undo his death.  indians own WHAT?  no this is all GOD'S!  HE MAKES THE COSMOS AND ALL THE CONTENTS WITHIN!  HE IS THE MERCIFUL!  hahahaha indians made the stars and the sun in the sky??? huh?  no, I don't think so.  God made that and none of you can undo the death of Jesus.  He forgives you.   Cant we wait for thanksgiving to roll around before jumping on the bandwagon again? As "funny" as this is, it is grossly inaccurate.  No one Indian tribe owned what is now the USA.  Nor did they dress the same or all wear head dresses.  Also, of all the Europeans to colonize the New World; the Puritans of what is now New England were one of the few to actually get along well with the native people they encountered.  It wasn't until the English started showing up in greater numbers to extract resources and set up plantations did they have a problem.  Jamestown is a different story. Americans are subhuman savages. I don't believe there's a Native American word for "own." So we can have it. So not to burden down our deeply ingrained sense of white guilt with facts, but...

There were various forms of governments amongst the North American Natives prior to the arrival of Europeans. Some tribes did have communal ownership while other tribes did not. There were a variety of instances where whole bloodlines were wiped out in conflicts over land ownership. That pretty much negates the idea that they had no concept of owning land.

Before you start telling me what a horrible hateful SOB I am I'll throw out there that I have some native blood (I am mixed like almost every single person on this site). While my race should have no relevance in conversation I feel the need to shield myself in this way – because white guys are to blame... or, wait? what?

Things the Europeans got from the Natives; land, and learning how to farm corn.

Things the Natives got from the Europeans; electricity, automobiles, television, vaccines, airplanes, antibiotics, the ability to participate in a country that people from all over the world try to sneak into, mercy - yep back in the day you didn't spare your enemies so they could have sons to avenge them - that was a new thing, money - let's not forget the truck loads of money that have been sent that direction from the US government - oh &amp; let's also not forget that this is the only known time in world history where a conquering party has paid tribute to a conquered party after the fact out of the goodness of their hearts... last but not least beads. 

I know you're thinking "beads" that's an insult. Who the fuck brings up beads, what a dick!  

The natives were making those little decorative beads out of porcupine quills without steel tools. Think about that for a minute. You had to find and kill porcupines, cut their quills into tiny pieces, and then dye them from natural elements. You needed different colors to make patterns and designs. People were spending years of their lives doing nothing but producing a handful of decorative beads. Now do I think that was a good use of their time? Not really. Were they going to keep making beads? Yep. So what did the Europeans do? Well they could make vastly better beads way faster which were relatively inexpensive. So they used economies of scale to up sell these beads at a considerable markup. Would it have been more fair to tell the natives "hey look I realize people kill each other over beads but back home beads aren't really that valuable"... Yeah, that probably would have been a super nice thing to do, but they were trying to survive. So they did the same thing your phone carrier did to you. It cost them $100 to make a phone they sell it you for $500.... those dicks! But if you choose to make that move even if they are dicks you're still the one who did that. 

I don't think the inclusion of beads is really that important in this discussion but what is important is that a barrel full of beads might have represented the life's work of an entire tribe of people. 

I think both sides did really bad stuff. The small pox blanket move... super dick move. The torture and rape of the European civilians by natives... super dick move. Whose move was more of a dick move? I honestly don't think you can quantify that because there are so many abstract concepts in play. Would you rather die of small pox or have a hole cut in your gut with a stone knife and have your intestines pulled out?.... ah, fuck those choices... what's behind door #3?

The US has done so much more to help a conquered group of people than any other conquering nation ever has I think at some point it would be reasonable for the native populous to accept that they're epically better off having microwaves, TV's, cars, and internet than they would have been if they'd been left to their own devices. I grew up two doors down from the Res and I never saw any native person reject the technologies of the western world to go make a knife out of a piece of rock and trying to hash out an existence based on what that sharp rock could do for them. 

The ancient natives = super impressed by how well they got on with sharp rock and a pair of functioning testicles.

The modern natives = stop bitching, enjoy what you have, and take a page from the book of every successful african american; use that hate to fuel you towards greatness. The guys who just like to sit around and bitch never accomplish anything of value. Out preform the people you hate and you've already won. Sad but True I can't believe someone drew a nude woman on that wall! There's a 3rd kind of person - the person who would paint over both without consideration

There's a 4th kind of person - the person who would draw the dick on the woman Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.. Dicks, pussies, and assholes. Yes, there *are* Not sure if head to pubes,
Or pubes to head... TIL 3 things:

There was only ONE APPLE on Earth 6,000 years ago,

Snakes LOVE bushes, and

Rembrandt was gay. Those with loaded guns, and those who dig? male and female right? That's what OP is saying right? Those who can draw fine art, and those who draw nude women. Trees and snakes? 

I'm bad at this. NSFW GOD! Smut-worshipping deviants who place naked breasts in view of the innocent, and charming humorists as evidenced by the funny hat to the right.  Naked women and astronauts? If you can't draw a crowd, 
draw dicks on the wall.
- Ben Folds there are I'd love if the dick was actually a Banksy What a dick! I let out a "herrr herr herr" laugh, guess which kind I am. Chicks and Dicks I wonder if this was part of that period in history where I think it was the Vatican ruined hundreds of thousands of pieces of art by demanding the genitals be covered.  That's what the grape leaf thing was.  

It's like everyone was fine, and then suddenly prudes, and then no one gave a shit again. There's the artistic, and the autistic. almost embarrassed at how long it took me to notice the dick Honestly didn't even notice the dick at first. Those who like Neil Diamond, and those who don't. theres a third, the guy who draws a dick next to art to show the interesting juxtaposition I didn't see the dick until I stopped looking at her rack.       all I see are two types of artists  Yeah, those who draw the penis from the top and those who draw it from the bottom. Say what you want about that person, but hey they didnt draw a penis on her There are* There is two kinds of people in the world? 

There ARE. ARE ARE ARE ARE There're There are 10 kinds of people in the world.

Those who know binary, and those who don't What about people who can't draw?

Those who can't draw and try anyways?

Those who can draw but don't? Those who think the puke who  drew the dick next to that mural should have that dick permanently tattooed on his face, and those who think he should have his own dick surgically transplanted on his face? Chicks and dicks? And there are far more of the latter 3 types of people.  You forgot about the people who leave the wall alone. Don't forget the third type. The ones who would graffiti over this art with their name or some such crap. it's missing the "tation" The third type draws the dick on the woman. People who can draw genitals and people who can't?  redditors are the dick 10/10 would run into  Eve wants that D Men and women? Artists and Dicks. two types of people: artists, and whoever drew that woman dick mural &gt; naked woman graffiti  Artists and [other artists](http://weburbanist.com/2010/09/11/banksy-vs-the-gray-ghost-in-new-orleans/)? Balls to the wall... There are three kinds of people in this world. Men and women? i always browse on my phone and my thumb was covering the penis took me a minute to finally move my thumb and notice that there was a penis in this pic What a dick! Eve was a ginger? Artists and Assholes There's two kinds of people in this world, brother! Punks, and punk-slappers, and I don't get hit much.   yes there are two kinds of people in this world. Those that use the term juxtaposition and those who don't   I think the way a crudely penis can stir up emotions in people is beautiful women... and men... People who can balance their hair on their genitalia and people who can't. those that cover up a vagina, and those that don't believe in censorship. I know which one is on GTA Online right now, that's for sure. People that can draw, and...those who can't. People who like naked women and people who like dicks?   Artists and people who draw naked ladies? good!!! I like it. I'm a sucker for juxtaposition though. [Actually, there's three](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2GwrR-4Q9E) Source? Artists and dicks? is that r2d2  The Outlaws And The Lawmen That Prevail Artists and artists? Those that draw dicks and those that draw tits? Is her hair penetrating her like those Hentai I hear everyone talking about or is that what the internet is making me think now. Looks like a job for Cecilia Giménez. This took me entirely too long to get. I'm on mobile and my thumb was covering the cock. Are they men and women? That's not a penis, its Satan in the form of a serpent. With balls. myself and plagiaristic faggots just begging to suck my cock so that I don't kill them with my bare hands young and old? I swear I didn't even realize there is a dick drawing until i saw the top comment 

does that mean I am... I am

JESUS GRAND GRAN GRAND GRAND GRAND GRAND GRAND CHILD  The guy who painted that could have spray painted that too. Don't be too black and white my friends. At first I thought, "Wow! Awesome! That tree looks so 3D!" Then I realized it wasn't part of the painting and that it was an actual tree. That must be the snake!  Ahh...yup. An both draw genetals  funny though - even a vandal had enough sense to refrain from drawing the penis directly on the painting so it could be easily removed w/o ruining the artwork.

or maybe he just has really bad aim. Yes, there's men and then there's women.  Ah, I believe this is Banksy

I'm not sure what hood-rat motherfucker drew the shitty tree thing though Theres 01 kinds of people in this world
 Those that draw penises and those that lie? Aren't there three? Somebody had to take the picture. those who piss in the shower and dirty fucking liars? Dicks and Virgins? pseudo artists and dicks? Those who generalize and those who don't.  I bet both were done by the same person There are two kinds of people in this world.  Those who brag about how much they spend and those who brag about how much they saved. Thought she had a giant black dick for a second. Oh wait, there it is.. And there are a whole lot more of one than the other... Artists and religious folk? Bellybutton... OMG it's mr. potatoe head! i do oil and graffiti so i guess there's people who make art and those who don't.  This post title is confusing, from what I understand the two people in this world either piss in the shower or are dirty fucking lairs - Lewis Clark  NSFW, really? There are those who understand grammar, and those who don't. Women and dicks? People who say "There are two kinds of people" and people who say "There is two kinds of people". From what I saw on the thread about extroverts and introverts, I imagine an introvert drew the woman while an extrovert drew the penis.  Artists &amp; Assholes At least they were decent enough to spray that dick next to the lady art and not right on top of her face. We are world wide, we push keys across seas, we are students, business owners, professionals, gentlemen.... We are the crudely drawn dick gang Disagree, you are all the same. There *are* People who think the word kinds is singular and people who think it's plural? Is her pubic hair long enough to cover her head or is she using the hair on her head to keep her groin warm? Those that can spell and those that can't? There are two kinds of people in the world - those who know the difference between "there is" and "there are", and OP. Women who look at poorly drawn dicks and ...

edit: Littering and... littering and... **men and women?** 1) People that understand that "there's" means "there is" and shouldn't be used with a plural, because that would be "there is two kinds" 
2) Idiots Don't hate me! But I would recommend NSFW. Its your choice, just it shows nudity, so its a warning you know. Those who use proper grammar and those who don't. This is from a science text here in Texas.  Absolutely brilliant title.  Thought provoking.  Kudos to the OP!!!  Unless he's under 25 and then its Props to the OP!!! I had to scroll too far down the front page for this There's 10 kinds of people in the world.

Those who know binary, and those who don't. Some people are dicks. Others are just huge pussies. The fun people and the relgion people Steampunk Gary oldman cannot be stopped, he can only be endured Somewhere in Fable III, an NPC is missing. "I wear your great-great-grandad's clothes." Props on the title, OP. wow nobody is going to see this but I know this guy! He's very good friends with my aunt (actually lives in the same building as her) and is known as 'the Mad Hatter' he hangs out around midtown Manhattan. His name is actually Mark and is a really awesome person AND an AMAZING pianist. If you ever see him say hello! He's genuinely an awesome guy. He used to come into the restaurant I worked for and always made sure we were doing ok. I haven't seen him in awhile, miss him :(
in case anybody DOES see this here he is playing when he was younger.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZWtcLZNsOY He is a burner. what about mackelmore's grandmother? *mackelmoist* [Very clever] (http://weknowgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/macklemore-gif.gif) OP Cross post this to /r/localwizards. That place could use more OC/submissions in general.  What's this?! It looks like Macklemore is evolving!

...Macklemore has evolved to...Macklemost! the steampunk pimp I want to be him when I grow up.

He's got stories. I always wonder, when people take these pictures on the train, do they ask or is it just a case of point and click. Maybe I'm just too polite but to me it's just rude to snap a picture as someone's facing you like that. Thats a cold ass honky! That's not Bob Barker!! Does that mean his son would be Mackleless? I'm going to pop a hip. He pulls it off like a badass. I always wondered what Willy Wonka went and did after Charlie took over the factory. He looks more like the granddad of the lead singer of Four Non Blondes. I could just see someone seeing this guy and being like "You cool grandpa.  You cool." and he pulls a [Hans Moleman](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzViPBuH_Dc).  "Drinking has ruined my life.  I'm 31 years old." Looks like Gary Oldman is between films... He kind of reminds me of a pimped out Once-ler... I was hoping to see Bob Barker dressed up. Isn't that Ron Perlman from Pacific Rim? I read that as Macklemoist... yuck. Definitely part of the Burning Man community. Macklemost? More like macklerepost... I really don't get guys like these. I see them in every big city. Where do they get these clothes? Why do they wear them? Do they think its cool? Do they ever meet eachother? Are they an underground group of gangsters? Are they really NSA agents under disguise? [Album For All To Enjoy](https://imgur.com/gallery/Z0eET/new)

This guy can be seen walking up and down 2nd avenue near the UN (40th - 50th sts) in midtown Manhattan just about every day.

According to a bodega owner on 45th street he is some kind of local celebrity. Co-worker has an album of pictures featuring this guy and he's ALWAYS dressed like a coked up pimp from the late 70s. I've seen this guy in NYC before.  I saw him during the day in Midtown wearing exactly that but with short SPANDEX shorts. Later on that week I was trying to describe him to my girlfriend while we were out for drinks and not 30 mins later she says "is that the guy you were talking about?"  I turn around to see him wearing the exact same outfit. 

Sometimes these weird people can be fun but he proceeded to creep everyone out both visually and verbally and the place cleared out within probably 15 mins of him walking in.   His name is Mark from NYC, really nice guy... Piano teacher &amp; performer (among other things). Play-on-Playa It's the Once-ler! The Onceler He looks like the Once-ler.  He looks like the guy who invented the thneed in the lorax.  Mystery method? Love that Ghastly Gibus he is sporting. I want to party with that guy. You don't develop a confident freak flag without great stories. *"I found it all in th thrift shop!"* New York? Looks like Ronnie Mund Haha, for a second I thought it said Macklemoist Walter whites new identity For the first time in my 28 years on this earth. I literally LOL'ed! Bravo good sir!....BRAVO Is this The Bishop Don "Magic" Juan's brother from another mother? On his way to the Player Haters Ball to rip on Buck Nasty? First rule of pimpin.  It aint fucking easy. I walk onto the sub like 'what up, I got a big cock' What a pimp. So does anyone else think that's a sword-cane? I also don't wonder "if" he has a gun on him, but how many and which is his main hand cannon he will open with? The hat has something interesting if not dangerous in it, and those shoes should dump either BBs or little caltrops to hinder pursuit or close melee. 

Not to mention a galaxy of esoteric devices hid about his person. Right? Seriously, if someone like that crosses my path, something epic is about to happen.  Repost Love the hat and the googles...there despite the sunglasses  Is he wearing his grand dad's clothes? Cause he looks INCREDIBLE. This is why I love New York. Macklemoist* Now to find Mackle... Macklemores son: Macklemany The Mackle family consists of 4 members.  Macklemost, Macklemore, Macklesome, and Macklenone. They're used to be another member but he died in a triple rape homicide. RIP Macklefraction. I know him! I lived in the same building as him 2 years ago. A very nice co-op in NYC. He is a very nice guy. Would walk around streets of NY and also hang out in the building lobby. Wore the same clothes every day. I was doing laundry one night at the same time he was and had a conversation. He does some acting in music videos and makes some appearances in some movies. John McAfee? It's Dr. Teeth's brother. Be free, and mackle no more. Follow him to the steampunk convention. He finally got his clothes back... I bet that guy would punch you in the d if you even thought of comparing him to Macklemore. Individuality existed before the trend.  Another failed Mystery Man "When I was in the industrial revolution, I thought that I was gay." Someone's trying the Mystery Method If you'd like to speak to this guy in person, you'll find him around 3PM walking along 48th Street between Lex and 2nd Ave. I see him everyday. I'll see if I can talk to him and tell him he's famous.  "I wear your granddad's granddad's clothes." shit, mystery method's looking banged up these days Sounds like Pokemon evolutions.  Those shoes tho, hngggg Technically the title is incorrect.  An adjective takes three forms; the positive, the comparative, and the superlative.  

So in this case:

* Positive: Much or Many
* Comparative: More
* Superlative: Most

Ergo, Macklemore's **father** should be Macklemost, and Macklemore's future children will be Macklemuch or Macklemany.     Walk with in with a club like "whadup, I got a bad back". i was going to ask what the fuck macklemore is...then i realized i could look it up, but then after seeing that picture i decided i would rather type this long drawn-out comment than to actually look up what it is because it is clearly fucking stupid This guy walks around manhattan screaming racial and homophobic slurs. Pretty much Macklemore. It's scenes like this that make me wonder if aliens really do live on earth  I wanna be friends with that guy!
 That's how he'll look when he hits Lv. 50. Are you sure that's a real person? He looks like a wax figure.  Dr Magorium? He wears your great granddad's clothes! Macklemost is his dad. His grandfather is Macklemostest "Can't steal my fucking style"
 Sir Macklelot. Is this where Macklemore got his "hand-me-down's"? Tss dat's fuckin' gold. Take us out piggyboy! "I wear your grandson's clothes" Man sure know how to peacock! I love how pissed off he looks. Almost makes me miss NYC. Almost... Dude looks like the lost member of the Mystery Men. He looks incredible!
 50 dollars this is the STM the goggles to supplement the regular glasses are such a nice touch
 If Ian McKellan had gotten to design his own Gandalf outfit Its his mega evolution.  Cat in the hat. Looks like future Macklemore came back in time to warn us of something. Only in NY! This mah fackah don't lissen to no Beats.  And he sure as shit doesn't want to hear yours.   What about his son, Macklealmost? Riddikulus! This guy lives in College Point or Whitestone, Queens (NYC). I have seen him a number of times.  This isn't even his final form. He got on that subway all by himself. A true independent. 

^Macklemost ^-  ^© ^Warner ^Music ^Group ^2013 I've seen this guy before. He walks near 42nd street in NYC. I see him regularly.  Is that your Grandson's coat? His brother from another mother, Blacklemore: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXfbNrQ2DK4 I like to imagine he's on his way to or from work... then try to picture what that job is. ROMPER STOMPER the rad hatter So is he the one who donated that plaid button-up shirt, for which I should thank him? Makes me wonder about Macklemom.  that guys much cooler then Macklemore could ever be It was 99 Cents You get the best people on New York City subways. I have a picture of this guy on my phone. I saw him on 3rd and 42nd. I thought it was a Jamiroquai sighting. 
 Instantly thought of this --&gt; http://i.imgur.com/AagOgNg.png He looks awesome. Jealous of his outfit.  That's the Mad Hatter in New York. Seen him before. Quick search found [this pic](http://i.imgur.com/EKhregQ.jpg) That looks like Macklemore's and Moxxi's granddad Okay, stop the internet. I need to get off. I don't even particularly like Macklemore, but this was funy... especially the title *why Maclemore wants your grandad's clothes.  I haven't laughed this genuinely nor this long in a very long time. Thanks OP.  What would be awesome is if the dude was from another dimension, strolling through being all like "Hey wizard friends, wanna see something funny?"  Looks like Grandpa's playing the back nine gay. I think I've seen this guy at Webster Hall Rave nights. Even if I'm wrong, anyone know the story to this guy? SAW IT ON 9GAG I bet he gets crazy tail. When it replicates by budding, it will be Macklemany.  SO jellus of the hedphones on the left So whose clothes does *he* wear? I wake in the morning and I step outside.... Macklemore's kid: Macklesome Can I have his hand-me-downs?   That fucking hat is amazing! Cut him some slack.  He just doesn't understand how muggles dress. Grandpa Steampunk. It seems like the same fur coat... you know, like in the video. Look at those shoes - this man is obviously Abby Sciuto's Dad (or possibly Granddad)   :) This isn't even my final form Macklemeth That is def going to be me in about 30 years
 This was on failblog earlier. It's a Drag Walter White His hat looks like a decapitated Muppet. He looks like Walter White if Heisenberg was a pimp name and not a meth kingpin. I've seen that guy in Manhattan before, he could barely walk.. that cane is a crucial part of his life. Or Neville Longbottom's Grandfather.  Looks more like Reaver from Fable  mackle-mmmmoist [omg its the mad hatter from the old Batman tv show!](http://www.bat-mania.co.uk/main/villains/images/mad_hatter1.jpg) Welcome to Steelport. REPOST! [That hat](http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v647/insighter7/WhatsUp4NonBlondes.jpg) "I wear my clothes.  I feel incredible." He is evolving ! That's not Macklemore's Grandpa! That's my Grandpa! I can tell by his style. 14 Union Square? This is fucking awesome. /u/iGiveAFunk/ wants his boots back. I like that dude.  He does not wear a tie.  So, Macklemore and Slash are related? What's this? Macklemore is evolving!  http://imgur.com/lQlMr Looks like [Helge Schneider](http://www.treffpunkt-berlin.eu/bilder/news-bilder/Helge_Schneider.jpg) incognito. He wears his own damn clothes, he looks incredible. Awwwwhhh, He's got the platforms! Macklemore is evolving!
Press B to cancel And I thought this guy was a little off. http://imgur.com/XF4t6ck He looks like Wonderlands Heisenberg  Nah that's Tom Petty.
 dem boots Macklemost makes the  ladies macklemoist the king of the hobos Hes just ready for comic con. Kinda looks like Valter Vhite. **What's that?! *Macklemore* is evolving!** No no no, OP
THAT, is a homeless man. old Bob Barker has really changed this was great!
 Also known as, "Peak-cocking" [Gary Oldman Time Traveler](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-fCiN2LsK4XU/TbVy8zb4iVI/AAAAAAAABEk/9GWyJL22Rzw/s1600/gary-oldman-003.jpg) lol Ooo kill em Flysenberg My sister lives in New York.

I've heard some wonderful things about what goes on.  Stuff like this, for example.

I also heard it smells like pee once the temperature gets over 80. Looks like a burner this man is living life. Thank god he didnt take his own grandpa's style I see this guy all the time, he dresses like this everyday. But shit, it was .9 cents! But sht it was 99 cents Fun fact: Macklemore's step grandpa is Bob Barker. This man is either a pimp or a time traveler. These mega evolutions are going a little too far. Saw this on here before, but you get the upvote for the title.  He looks incredible. I don't think he realizes BART doesn't go directly to Burning Man. Good Ole L train, for those that live in NYC. what is a macklemore? I am 7 shades of pissed off at the moment and this got me to crack a smile dammit. Upvote purely for the title That guy next to him is wearing his headphones backwards, &amp; It's aggravating the crap out of me. False: This is his evolved form. I always see this dude in GCT or on 42 street! Say my name! 

Heisenpimp.

You're damn right. Probably shouldn't have sold that cadillac... Clearly fake - no one would sit that close to a man wearing a Mad Hatter hat on a New York City subway. Those people get benches to themselves. Look like a character from fable 2 Heisenmore Macklemostest shit it was only 99 cents  My granddad wears my clothes

He looks he incredible

He's in this big ass coat

From the thrift shop down the road http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NXnxTNIWkc He's got friends... On the other side. Retirement years have not been kind to Mr.Wonka. I saw this guy on a trip to NYC last year, but he had silver shoes on.

Proof: http://imgur.com/dAPBouU macklemaybe, macklemostofthetime, macklemoreorless Looks exactly like Kneller from the "Wristcutters" movie. soooo whats it mean if Ive had three of his clothing items ...... o_0
 I read it as Macklemoist... I see this guy all the time [This was the first thing that came to mind upon seeing this.](http://i.imgur.com/3MGundk.jpg) Macklemore wears his clothes? Macklemores granddad is Bob Barker actually. Looks like Ronnie the limo driver You sure that guy didn't play guitar for Guns N Roses? HOLY SHIT, IT'S REEVER. HOW ARE REEVER INDUSTRIES DOING, DUDE? This guy's thrift shopping for sure I saw this dude on the L train in nyc Dat repost
 Is that Jerry Stiller? looks like he was going for more of a dr. john vibe.. Many skunks died to make that coat. If anybody ever wants to see him in person, he often hangs out at Tuttles on 2nd ave between 39th and 40th I cried for 3 straight hours. omfg. Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn, you really can pop a lot of tags with twenty dollars in your pocket!! OHMYGODIWANTHISHAT. That would be his dad. Macklemore's son, however, is named Macklesome. I love that man.  I just found his [long lost brother!](http://imgur.com/T70MAqN) That's the Grand Pimp Daddy Mad Hatter Hes still trpiin from 1967 GHOSTLY GIBUS Ronnie must have gotten his limo towed. 

 Is that the guy that used to sing for Four Non Blondes? Looks like he's coming back from the burning man decompression  This is an above-average submission that is wonderfully coupled with an exceedingly-fantastic title.  He REALLY does wear his Granddad's clothes!  lol
 Mackledaddy? Ive seen this guy in the Union Square area in NYC, he's got style. nope just old washed up Macklamore himself! Stupid is stupid does may be bob dylan in disguise Do y'all think this look would work with a full Dumbledore beard?  I'm already planning my look for when I'm old and some of this gentleman's attire just may make the cut. *insert "I wear yo granddad's clothes" joke* People who take these photos are much braver than myself. macklemoist* if you know what i mean ;) I think that dude looks cool as shit. Do you think he gives a fuck that he is on reddit? nope.     Looks like the evolved form of Macklemore....so rare.      That's awesome I opened for Macklemore a few year ago And now we know who bought the shark gloves You've located a full time burner in the default world. Which could absolutely happen to be Macklemore's grandad.   This is weird. Reddit is late on this one usually the pictures are from reddit but this one started on iFunny Mad-hatter is that you!?!
 Seriously, ask your grandpa, can I have his hand-me-downs? Will Macklemore's son be called Mackless? http://i.imgflip.com/42xm5.gif Peacocking so hard. Gary Oldman? This is normal for NYC on Tuesdays. Which line? Which stop? I wish I was cool enough to go where ever he was headed. *Man, you come right out of a comic book!* "Imma take your great grandpa's style, imma take your great grandpa's style." - Macklemost I'm pretty sure that's actually Funkmaster Lincoln.  Shit, the mad hatter got old.  Damn, that's a cold-ass honky. IIRC he's usually in the grand central area  How did he get to be where he is today? Is it just me or do I see a Heisenberg kind of resemblance? Jervis Tetch, is that you? I really do wish I had the drugs he huffs. Looks like Walter White is taking the "hiding in plain sight" approach Pimping! It's Gary Oldman as a Steampunk pimp. It's Slash meets a pimp meets Gandalf meets Gene Simmons.  thank god his junk is not hanging out That is Macklemore's evolution. He looks like my acid dealer. This guys old school, so he's the last stop on the L train.  Bedfords for the younguns  "I own 17 thrift stores across the greater New York area." Macdaddiemore Adulthood is the﻿ children's prison That's a cold ass honky. Should have pressed B during the evolution screen. Richard Petty? I read that as Macklemoist. *Oh god why.* He's late for his tea party Imma take your grandpas style so mainstream...
 /r/sf?  The title gets my upvote more than the picture. Meh, I'd probably fuck it... Dude, I've seen this guy in Manhattan a few times.  He really did wear his grand dads clothes...  I work around the grand central station - I see him from time to time. I sold him that fur coat!!!!!   Macklemore's final form He gave Macklemore his Cadallac with white walls, so now he has to take the subway... I guess he does wear his grandads clothes Whose granddad's clothes is HE wearing? So this is what Gary Oldman is up to these days. dude.. Anyone know where I can get a hat like that? The OG cold ass honky.  He thinks he's still at burning man. Do you even fudderwacken, bro? He looks very, very late thats the once-ler! Mackledore! I have written LOL before, but this time I mean it. LOL! I guess I mackle the least. This man hails from Piltover... NYC? I saw him walking with his pimp cane and big boots last winter. 
 That would be [Ragtime Mark Birnbaum](http://cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/04/02/virtuosity-flows-from-street-to-piano/?_r=0) from NYC. Cool dude. Could easily be cast on VH1s The Pickup Artist My oh my. He's dressed quite nice. Surely it'd be "Mackle" in Cali we call this an average  saturday morning I'm probably out of the loop here, but who is Macklemore? 
(I don't watch tv or listen to the radio) Fur is murder. No wait, Murder is fur! No that's not right either. OP! This in NYC right?! Saw this dude walking across lex this morning at 8:15am. Really threw me off for the day... this isn't even my final form I guess he does wear his grandads clothes Looks like Walt didn't die  Old ass repost Damn, that's a cold ass honkey best title i have ever seen on reddit so far Damn, that's a (c)old-ass honkey. DAMN, that's an old ass honky. Look at me syndrome, level 5. This is a 7 month old repost. [Original.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/18rt96/the_joys_of_taking_the_subway/) Still looks better then you. Ah New york transit, you never cease to amaze me. Hello Boston Downvote for macklemore reference. Mackelmore DOES where his grandad's clothes! He looks quite incredible too.  I saw that guy at Burning Man this year...he's cool... That's a cold-ass honkey. [Macklemore and Ryan Lewis - Thrift Shop](http://youtu.be/QK8mJJJvaes)
 [deleted] Ball biting turtle. Tears man. Tears. the hawk in number 4 isn't a dick, he's a murderer That seal was such a drama queen when the penguin jumped on its back


 Panda: I AINT GONNA DEAL WITH YO SHIT RIGHT NOW MAN /r/animalsbeingjerks "Ha, lucky that poor turtle had a soft landing.  I wonder what's in the next GIF ... Oh." I like that you snuck the Trigger Happy TV clip in there. OK...

We are missing the preceding footage. So the guy with his pants falling down, and his boxers? The donkey was defending its virtue, not an animal being a dick. The beagle...

"aww she's patting his bell- ...no pudding tonight." Beagle Vs white shirted woman.  I have been having a really bad week. Thank you for making this. 

:) I'm sad that's over The camel one was more like "Camel breaks man's leg." [What the hell??](http://i.imgur.com/S0tNUac.gif) That wasn't a real pigeon. I didn't know Kung Fu Panda was based on a true story. 9 is just the friend being a dick. The cheetah shitting into the truck...the guy's reaction is like, "WE GOT IT, LET'S ROLL." This belongs here :
http://imgur.com/KzphPCp All of these are hilariously horrible but I gotta say my favorite is the dog jumping and landing on the kid The dog and ram...

"fuck you!"

"No, fuck YOU" I can say I thoroughly enjoyed that. In #14 the TV/monitor just happens to not be plugged in? The cat knocking off the TV one is fake btw.  From a guys youtube account where he makes CGI videos. The last one the turtle is all like "Fuck you Bob your going in" At first I missed the "being" and got really confused. arguably one of the best reddit posts ive seen in a while I want more D: Oh my god that dog sitting on the cats face! my one dog does that to my other dog all the time and it irritates the shit out of her! I had never seen another dog do that! Long story short, dogs are cool, cats are dicks, eagles are murderers Look, buddy... I'm just trying to get my damn pants back on! anybody see the joint roach on the turtle and parrot?  can someone please explain to me the giant pigeon?  Number 16, 20, and 4 were the best. To be fair, the giant pigeon is human dick. Why did the man catch the cheetah poop? &gt;.&gt; I want to upvote this so many times! Lmao I like the one where the one animal was like, 'hey.' then the other one was like, 'fuck you.' You're in luck. Here's a whole website of animals being dicks.

http://animalsbeingdicks.com I like how many of these are turtles. Source of the Eagle on Goat straight up murder!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VklTs-Tid_I Brglgrglgr "I'M A FUCKING PIGEON FEED ME" .. fine then i'm sorry... The dog wearing the cone is smart as fuck. Those were great. Rare to see something that actually makes me laugh on /r/funny.  seems like you watched an episode of americas funniest home videos The guy in #2 was probably in a bunch of pain, I always wince when I see that gif. [This](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/Camel_skull_4.JPG) is a camel skull, their teeth are really sharp and they have big canines. Somebody explain the cheetah taking a dump on the jeep. Do they mark their territory by depositing scat on high landmarks, like some fox species, or was this just a random occurrence?  Seems like the people are dicks, not the animals. yes. Yes! This is what the internet is for!! I was expecting gifs of animal dicks  :( That panda has a great seio nage.

IPPON. That 4th one down was like "THIS IS SPARTA!" and that poor deer got pulled off a cliff, I shed a tear for him. Oh sweet Jesus, watching the turtle and the dog one was making me cringe because I already knew what was going to happen. Oh my goodness.... That eagle one just bummed me out, man.  I loved Trigger Happy TV! Okay, what's up with the rapey donkey in (Edit typo) #7? And that will never load on my crappy college internet so amazing WTF is that a guy getting raped Haha good job OP. Number 14 that is one fat cat! The Golden Eagles throwing the goats off the cliffs is equal parts asshole and amazing to me. The fact that they learned that is amazing but it's such a dick move.  Congratulations, you now work at buzzfeed. But seriously, they'd hire you The one with the fucking Cheetah. Oh my god, I just laughed so much. The penguin one was my favorite. It's relatable, the large animal's reaction is me whenever a small child decided to use my torso as a jungle gym. I have seen that pigeon one a million times and I nearly have a heart attack laughing so hard. I would have loved to see that happen irl. I still don't see how #8 is any kind of dickery. The cheetah sees the biologist and is probably thinking "that guy's studying me. Let me give him a sample of my feces." So he goes over there and gives him some delicious cheetah feces. 1st gif is dev patel As a person not subbed to /r/animalsbeingdicks, I greatly appreciate this. But apparently people from that sub don't want to share their content. As a bird owner, I can tell you that the lovebird did it on purpose. Cats in #12

"Watch what's gonna happen...watch..." I've seen the one with guy in the field with the donkey. It always confused me as to why this guy was apparently wearing pants and underwear 3 sizes too big Damn it Youtube.  I click on one of these videos and somehow how 3 minutes later I'm watching a dog hump a drunk girl. Picture number 20= Kung Fu Panda? I personally enjoyed the one where the dude was being chased and raped by a donkey. I am incredibly impressed by the resourcefulness of those fucking eagles. Thank God eagles aren't human-sized. We'd be fucked.

I mean.. I'm not I'm not a goat because eagles do NOT fuck around. IS NO ONE GOING TO MENTION THE GIANT FUCKING PIGEON.... The penguin one isn't really them being dicks.  The coast is literally covered with seals and the only way for them to make it to the water is by running on top of them. Thank you so much, I had a rough day and this cheered me up! I'm calling staged on the cat knocking over the TV. It's not even plugged in. Probably one of those fake hollow TVs like they use in IKEA. That seal reminds me of something...

http://furiousfanboys.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/swbrdfixes_03.jpg I love that for the 5th one (bird pushing turtle), he looks at the camera and give a "check this out" look 9 and 10 are technically people being dick. That is all. whoever wrote "alpha as fuck" on that one with the dogs is a tool I watched all of these, thank you so much. I can't pick between the penguin WHO DOESN'T GIVE A FUCK, or the dog who tea bagged an ornery cat Giant pigeon LMAO

How have I not even seen even half of these.... Tomorrow on Buzzfeed, "Look at these 24 animals being jerks!" I thought I was in /r/animalsbeingjerks. Wait no, must be /r/gifs.

.../r/funny? Great album, except the eagle. He was hunting, feeding his babies, doing his job. I read that as "I made an album with 24 inch animal dick gifs. Enjoy!" Fully expected lots of gifs on this show.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bUbauza6-8 Missed one.

http://gifs.gifbin.com/032013/1363802693_turtle_bites_puppys_tongue.gif what's also good is /r/spacedicks for gifs of astronauts being dicks I'm sure we'll see this on buzzfeed by the end of the week... Yes! Seal Video:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jquq8B_mguM Forgot the classic penguin!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjqIvKKMGSY Fuck the people who cropped their doberman's ears. . . . So, is this 24 reposts in one? Lol....my top 3

1. Camel chewing off unsuspecting camel rider's butt
2. Macho black cat totally demolished by the mouse while 3 other cats watched over
3. Bear shooed away by cat

Btw the leopard shit was gross.... I almost died watching no.7 the poor guy trying to keep his pants up while running thanks! Good job! Have an upvote. So reddit is on it's way to being Buzzfeed Did anyone else read the middle of the title as "animals with 24" dicks" at first glance? Most are copied from a tumblr account which i find is actually funnier. [Here](http://animalsbeingdicks.com/) you go. You missed my two favorite ones.
[Ostrich being a dick to an elephant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWcI7nLTj_c)

[And ostrich being a dick to a little girl](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlO0x2gAnvM)

edit:spacing "Took all the top posts from /r/animalsbeingjerks and whored it out on /r/funny for karma! Enjoy!"

EDIT: wrong link Anyone who docks (sp?) the ears and tails of dogs should be spayed or neutered. Without anesthesia or pain killers.  You say repost in a really strange way. Ummmm, can I get that donkey's number?
I mean, like in case I ever need a ride or a witty companion or some shit. Party like a donkey! Why don't you try the water? Hahaha the funnys  Them shit catching skills though. #3 **"*are you sure there's a fish in there i can't see anythAAAFUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU" **** How the fuck does someone in a pigeon suit qualify as an animal being a dick? OP is such fag. wow so sticks [deleted] Saskatchewan was almost mentioned in a post. Close enough.  Newfoundland actually got noticed. I'm so proud. We've grown up so fast.  As a Newfoundlander, I am offended at this inaccuracy! No self-respecting Newfoundlander would be looking this sad at a bar with an entire bottle of liquor to himself. Sheesh! Everyone in Sask obsesses over CFL because we literally have no other teams to cheer for. Can confirm. The crippling alcoholic part should be far larger, and another "sport" added for "functioning alcoholic"



 I TELL YA RON, I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IS WRONG WITH THOSE BOYS OUT EAST, FOOTBALL OVER A GOOD GAME OF HOCKEY?  GIVE ME A GOOD OL' TORANA BOY ANY TIME.  You didn't forget about PEI. Have an upvote! Where is curling? Newfoundlander here, I ain't even mad. partly because its true and partly because the only other thing people know about newfoundland is a place called dildo.. I absolutely love seeing these semi inside jokes of other countries. Even when I don't fully understand them sometimes (this one is pretty simple) . /r/dataisbeautiful  Not sure if I laughed cause someone actually mentioned my province, or because its kind of true. Story checks out. 

- Drunk Newfie.  I met a woman who had moved to Calgary 30 years ago from SK, and was now a Stamps fan.

I had no words. As a person who is from england and in Saskatchewan this post is to true there crazy on the roughriders  Ironically, a lot of NHL players come from Saskatchewan. I think you can add northern alberta to the crippling alcoholics. Well the alcohol is true for Newfoundland, but Hockey is huge here too. As a Manitoban, I approve this post. I think per capita, Saskatchewan produces more NHLers compared to the other provinces. Can confirm crippling alcoholism.

Source: am a Newfoundlander.  This gives a whole new meaning to the Tragically Hip lyric, "You said you didn't give a fuck about hockey, and I never saw someone say that before." Clearly Gordon Downie has never been to Saskatchewan. Drinking is a sport in every province.  And then add the one NFL fan on the west coast of BC all by his lonesome :D Goddamn that newfie part is hilarious. Just the expression on his face seals it. Quebec is half hockey, half student protests.  Aw, does nobody care about the Blue Jays? GO RIDERS!  And Lacrosse should be on there I'm a pro athlete?  Who knew! Why wouldn't you want to be involved in crippling alcoholism when you live in a place that makes a drink called screech? Go Blades Go :D As a Canadian, this made me laugh. 

Sorry, Newfoundlanders, you glorious drunk bastards.  You just offended Millions of Curlers.Who are pensioned off and don't know what the internet is anyhow [Give some credit to the creator, twat.](http://deadspin.com/i-made-one-for-canada-1442547688) Lacrosse is actually their national sport. As a Newfoundlander this is 100% accurate  Either you honey dew, or you honey don't! where the fuck is curling? No curling up north? What is this a map for hosers?!? Its funny because Saskatchewan also produces some of the most NHL players per capita as well. Where's the curling? You forgot curling [Source](http://www.slate.com/articles/sports/slate_labs/2013/10/united_sports_of_america_map_if_each_state_could_have_only_one_sport_what.html) by Jess Fink. Whats the difference between hockey and crippling alcoholism? **Saskatchewan** Hard to spell, easy to draw! This makes me want to put on a watermelon rind on my head and go streaking! Go Riders! Blahahahahahahahhahaa. Go riders.  Curling is where? Newfoundland dialect of english even sounds like they're hammered 24/7. Now I get it. It's not a dialect.

[Accent in question for those who haven't heard any newfies.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12lCfrsYIfc)  As a Nova Scotian I would extend that crippling alcoholism to include the maritime provinces as well.  I've gone drinking with newfies. Jesus Murphy, nothing stops them. I'm sure no one will see this, but golf is technically Canada's new national sport as far as what people play. 

Gone are the days of kids playing street hockey in the winters (I'm sure it still happens, but not nearly as much as it used to). 

Statistically most kids play soccer, and most adults play golf. I feel like it's a sin to have grown up in Saskatchewan and not partake in any of the Rider festivities... Sometimes I'll pretend though. Go sports? Nipawin farm boy here. 
This is accurate.
0% interest in hockey ever......
I don't even know how to skate proper like.
I can count the number of times skated. In my life.
I also know where you can fish for a dishwasher.

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=nipawin

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saskatchewan_Roughriders BC has a good CFL team, the only competition Sask. has really. BC Lions have won more cups than the Canucks (makes me sad) Rider Pride baby! If I were to say I live in Saskatoon, would I get upvotes?  Wow, forgive my ignorance but i did not there was a Canadian football league. I don't watch American football. Football and Soccer are both also very popular in Quebec. Though the fan base isn't nearly as vocal, it is comparable in size to Hockey! You know when I think of other countries I often think they have weather similar to the US. Europe does, for the most part. China does too...I forget that no matter how far north you are in the US, how many cold jokes are passed about the Dakotas, or Maine, Canada is still further north. They don't have an ocean current to help warm it up...nope, it's just directly above the US. Always cold...

Like, their furthest south is still more north than our north! Man I've always wanted to use this... but its never been so necessary... 

http://i.imgur.com/t4zOz.gif Yeah! Regina, the city that rhymes with fun, here! No mention of Lacrosse, the national summer sport of Canada? Madness. Is no one going to comment that this was lifted from Deadspin? Can we have a seasonal version of this since people in BC stop pretending to care about hockey once their team is out of the playoffs? As expected, baseball is nowhere to be found. I always felt that the CFL existed for the prairies. Looks like we found Dexter's new hideout.  Good work, OP! made me smile - worth an upvote  there is an island(called the Isle of Ponds) in Labrador and I can confirm it is totality constructed of empty beer cans you can pretty much colour in the entire country as crippling alcoholics.  except BC and maybe Ontario (thank you very much LCBO and Beer Store for denying me my alcohol purchases after 9pm) i laughed to hard at this [seems legit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EDZMkrkGn0) You don't seem to think too highly of Noofies, eh? Canadian here, I can confirm this is true. They forgot unicycle hockey in Vancouver. TIL that I am an athlete 2 years straight? Upvote for the newfie jokes. TIL alcoholism is a sport. Hockey song
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8zeB7b1uFY Hey! We have crippling alcoholism on the west coast too!

Plus heroin. What about lacrosse? It's their national sport! Canadian here, can confirm. I thought it was America for a second. Was about to say the orange spaces are WRONG You forgot to make Cape Breton orange too. Being from Saskatchewan I can confirm. I feel for ya newfees. If its any consolation I've been many times for the fishing (im from boston) and can honestly say they have been the friendliest, funniest, genuine sob's i've ever encountered. Never seen something so accurate!  Green is the colour... Am I the only one from Sask that likes basketball :(. Is that Manitoba or Saskatchewan? 

Are they really that big about football as opposed to hockey? No curling, or lacrosse?  Never knew crippling alcoholism was a sports interest? ITT. Canadians and their inside jokes.  Needs a small "soccer/football" blip for select Toronto neighbourhoods. If I weren't so goddamn drunk id make a new graphic... of something... weeeeooooo newfoundland! this is fake. Everyone knows that Alberta's sport is Bull riding. But I hate alcohol Yay! Hockey! As a Canadian living in Saskatchewan, I can confirm that the CFL is fucking awful.  The territories should have been part of crippling alcoholism  Canadian here. Confirmed.  This map looks like the work of Buster Bluth.  They forgot curling...  Saskatchewan's one and probably only day on Reddit's front page! Hooray! Soccer is missing in the southern corners. Especially over in Vancouver.  The Cascadia rivalry is huge and old.   Saskatchewanian here! I'm from a little place right above Regina called Ritoris. It's one of those towns where people circle around it but never quit hit.  Good for you I'm glad you can find something else to do when not watching the roughriders getting rough ridding :)
 Actually, yes. (Source: I'm canadian, sorry.) As an American, I can confirm that the only CFL team name i know is the Saskatchewan Roughriders.  Thank you ESPN3. Being from Newfoundland... It's a valid point but most of the salty drunk newfies are actually functioning alcoholics haha. Alright. Give us our phones back dick I've driven across Canada multiple times, it's always weird for me to drive from BC and see canucks flags, to calgary flags...jets flags....and then some weird ass green flags which resembles no hockey team I'm familiar with...then back to Toronto Flags...then Montreal Flags...and then it pretty much dies there. I don't know what people on the east coast do with themselves. submit to /r/mapporn I thought the Vikings would be mentioned.  You've left out every major Engineering University with the Alcoholism bit. Newfie here. I think we tend to smoke more weed than drink, the younger generation anyway. Where the hell is Cape Breton? Whoever made this map clearly wasn't from the East Coast.  wheres weed What about the ethnic communities in Toronto and Vancouver that love soccer? excuse me, that cripplingly alcoholism statistic needs to be expanded across the entire country. I laughed much too hard at this Maybe there is some kind of in joke here with curling and alcoholism... Saskatchewan actually has the highest NHL players per capita of any place on earth. So we like both hockey and football. I'm mowin' the air Rand, I'm mowin' the air! Windsor likes the Tigers. Crippling alcoholism could be extended upwards into Nunavut. Where's Raptors on this? Hey... We like hockey too. Most NHL players per capita from Saskatchewan! Boo ya.  BASMOQ!! Starcraft is quite popular in south Ontario. And football is starting to become popular across all north America.  More alcohol than that please! checkin in from the vag I like how content the hockey player is - despite the impending football to the face. The history of my family... Ireland to Newfoundland to America. We carry the alcoholic gene. Is dog sledding  a sport?  I lived in Toronto Canada all my life  I'm headed east! I know so little about Canada. We love Hockey in Newfoundland.  
  Hahaha perfect. Newfoundland is properly represented in this picture. Winnipeg used to be a football town, but we have an nhl team again, so the bombers gave up.  TIL that by Newfoundland standards, I'M A FUCKING ATHLETE!!!  There should be one dot that represents basketball in Brampton Bring that Crippling alcoholism down to Cape Breton/Nova Scotia and call er a day, wha! I am from Saskatchewan... and i find this post very true 
 correct Where's skiing?
 If you listen carefully, they mention Saskatoon in almost every NHL game. 
 whoa whoa whoa, /r/MapPorn needs to see the artistic talent of this cartographer. Is that where they shoot Trailer Park Boys?  Id say crippling alcoholism extends into Nova Scotia as well... /r/cripplingalcoholism ITT: a lot of TIL's about anything Newfoundland and a lot of Newfoundlanders. Myself included.


Whadda ya at, cocky? Is that Nova Scotia up top?  Trailer Park Boys anyone? And that's why people from the maritime provinces talk funny.  The Toronto Blue Jays 2013 Attendance: [2,536,562](http://espn.go.com/mlb/attendance)
  
  Canadian Football League Wide Attendance for 2013 [1,533,052](http://stats.cfldb.ca/league/cfl/2013/attendance/)


  
  * Edited to add average game attendance as /u/JoshDimmock pointed out.
  
  Blue Jays Avg Attendance per game: 31,315

  Canadian Football League Wide Attendance per game for 2013: 27,375 So semi-relevant question. Why are goal posts in the CFL in the front of the end zone? Seems like a huge obstacle. I was born in Florida. I live in Texas. I just recently found out from 23andme that I'm like a quarter Newfie.  NOW I AM BECOME DEATH, DESTROYER OF WORLDS. I am fucking awesome! Can confirm , I live in Saskatoon, it's crazy how crazy people are about football here. Honestly the Riders aren't even that good but apparently everyone here thinks they are. Go Argoss IM FROM SASKATCHEWAN! everyone here has a boner for the Rough Riders, not to mention little league everything. Isn't lacrosse Canada's national sport  Lacrosse is also very big in Canada.  I'm Canadian (BC) and fucking hate hockey.  Walter White has crippling alcoholism?  'Murican checking in. You hosers are so funny, with your weird state names and customs. Crippling alcoholism is a sport there? It strange, you'd think there'd be more irishmen living in canada.  Looks right me - Canadian what about mountain biking in b.c? le whyyy Shouldn't there be a small section for baseball? Or is Toronto overrun by hockey? As an American: Canada has a football league? In this drawing, Canada looks like a retarded US. It's quite similar in shape, in this drawing. Fun fact: More people play soccer in Canada than any other sport! No recognition towards B.C's pot industry? If I wasn't so stoned this would be an outrage..... Wait... we have a football league? Forgot about the Toronto raptors  uhh PEI has some terrible alcohol abuse going on there. They've got the most cases of shaken baby syndrome as well.

Source: My mother is a nurse in the maternity ward. I'm Canadian and I up voted I am a Canadian and I approve this message . Possible alcoholism in Ottawa .  This is why I hate visiting Saskatchewan. Everyone is crazy for the Roughriders, but literally everywhere else in Canada aside from Winnipeg doesn't give a flying fuck about football. It's really weird as an Ontarian. I don't like hockey. But I also live in Toronto. I watch the Riders until NFL starts up.  I hate all sports but NBA &amp; NFL.  Toronto checking in. I appreciate the crude drawing it made me laugh, you forgot all the Chinks in Vancouver that love MMA though. What's a Canada? How Canada is secretly controlled by Borat's dick.  He also Tweeted, 

&gt; *My Tweets hardly ever convey opinion. Mostly perspectives on the world. But if you must know, I enjoyed #Gravity very much.*

Nitpicking aside, the movie was amazing. 

 The director, Alfonso Cuarón, got similarly nitpicked by his own science advisors 

&gt;The astronauts [who served as consultants] saw bits and pieces of what we were doing. They were exasperated [for instance] about why [Bullock and Clooney’s characters] are not bringing their solar shields down! [I said,] "Well, you won’t see their faces then, so I’m not going to do it." No, [the consultants said], they would go blind from the sun, they could not see, it is impossible. The funny thing is that you tell them something like, There’s a special polarizer on the shield, and they’re like, Oh my! In the [Russian spacecraft] Soyuz, I added one window. Why? Because I wanted to see the Earth in space! One of the toughest things in the film was the cause and effect of microgravity and no resistance, and you ask them, How does a tether react, you pull one, how does it go? -- and they would be like, “Yes, but that window is not there.” I know; we talked about it. What do you think about the tether? “Fine, but that window, I’ve been in three missions, that window—”

http://www.vulture.com/2013/10/alfonso-cuaron-answers-your-gravity-questions.html Gif is actually from Stargate Atlantis, S5E16 "Brain Storm", approximately 14:05 into the episode. Except, Buzz Aldrin, a man who has actually been in space said it was the most accurate representation he's ever seen. I went and saw ["The Big Year"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Big_Year) with an entire research team of ornithologists.

For those who aren't in the birding world, or haven't seen the movie, a "Big Year" is basically a huge birding contest where people try to view and document as many different species of birds as possible in a gigantic contest of sorts.

That movie came out *incredibly* unscathed, I was waiting the whole time for them to shred the movie apart, but they actually did a great job in portraying the bird information accurately!

That said, the movie was about as exciting as watching someone count birds can be: **AN OFF-THE-RAILS NON-STOP ROLLERCOASTER THRILLTRAIN--YOU PAID FOR THE WHOLE SEAT, BUT YOU'LL ONLY NEED THE** ***EDGE!*** [What he tweeted](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/1nvuhg/neil_degrasse_tyson_tweets_issues_he_had_with/) Yeah, but Buzz Aldrin liked it. And he actually went to space. To Gravity's own credit, even though it did have scientific inaccuracies, it had *way* less than... well, pretty much every other space movie ever made. If you make it too accurate, then you won't have any room for a plot. I'm satisfied. **WARNING: SPOILERS. SPOILERS EVERYWHERE.** Gravity is probably the only movie I've seen that benefited from 3d. You know... I'm just going to throw this out there... I bet 90% of the people so eager to give their opinion in this thread know absolutely nothing about the subject matter.  Gravity is actually one of the more realistic depictions of space in film. There are only a few small nitpicks. There wasn't that much that was wrong with the physics, really. Most of the problems were with the locations of the various spacecrafts.  ^^"spaaaaaaaaaaccce" Great movie, came home and booted up KSP IMMEDIATELY. Haha.  So, it's not secretly an alien movie? fuck it.  Great movie. Idk why people have to call out every little thing that was inaccurate. Who cares? Its a movie. If it were 100% accurate it would also be 100% boring. So...do you have to watch this movie in 3D to 'get' it? I enjoyed Gravity.  Sandra makes a good Tom, and Clooney makes a good [Wilson](/spoiler) Gravity would have been great if the middle aged gentleman behind me wouldn't have commented on everything. And I mean *everything*. "There's a frog!" Yes, there does happen to be a frog on the screen. Otherwise it was a great movie. Despite the great views I thought the movie was very boring. Watching sandra float around for 90 minutes is not fun I'm never bothered by accuracy so much, because the whole affair of a fictional movie requires suspension of disbelief.   Am I the only one that finds Sandra Bullock annoying?  Reddit has gotten to the point where the only type of criticism that is acceptable is criticism of criticism.  Discussion on anything even slightly subjective is immediately stifled by hoards of heroic defenders of every single possible uninformed opinion.  You don't like one aspect of some movie?  Obviously you are an unrealistic nit-picker.  You don't think a popular band is talented?  Prepare for the top response to be a condescending joke about how childish you are (e.g., "STOP LIKING THINGS I DON'T LIKE"). I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO THE SPOILERS THING SO I'M SAYING IT NOW:

 SPOILERS!!!!!!!

As a Physicist, that's about as realistic a depiction I've seen. The debris coming around every 90 minutes was wrong (would only be true if all space stations in geosynchronous orbit, which is much higher up, or if SS thrusting itself, which is ridiculous considering how fucked it got), but other than that, I saw it with 3 or 4 other physicists and we all had no issues. Guys, this is a Hollywood drama set in space. As such, it is amazingly accurate. I mean take **any** other Hollywood drama set in space (except maybe Apollo 13) and tell me it is more accurate than Gravity. Does it have flaws? Yes, of course it does, it is a Hollywood drama, for God's sake. In Hollywood dramas people have endless bullets and Kirsten Dunst works in a dinner. Scientific accuracy is not exactly the primary consideration. But as far as this type of the movie goes, I think it does a great job at being convincing. Well Neil has never been to space. Buzz Aldrin has and he liked it. I saw it and I liked it even knowing that certain aspects were unrealistic. I think this movie came along just in time to help people remember that space even exists. I hope it helps to inspire the imaginations of a new generation and fuels interest in space once again. Please stop, Reddit. Well Buzz liked it. Why do people make him out to be a pretentious asshole that's too intelligent for everybody? Visuals...Stunning. Story...WTF?
Challenger has failed O-ring...catches fire and breaks to pieces before leaving atmosphere. Columbia has 1 damaged heat tile...disintegrates on re-entry. Chinese space vessel in gravity gets beat to shit by orbiting cloud of space junk THREE times...re-entry, no probrem &gt;) Considering he said he actually enjoyed the movie, I'll venture a guess his Twitter mini-rants were a response to fanboy needling and prodding to see how "accurate" it is. I thought he was watching C-Span... He doesn't believe in gravity?  Thats an awesome tie. Doesn't beat shark boy and lava girl... What was he actually watching in this gif? What exactly were the inaccuracies in the film? Out of curiosity.  Does anyone else feel like this could have been a reboot of some planet of the apes movies? At the end I was hoping to see a chimp riding a horse take her captive. This is what I dislike about Tyson.  There people is the world who show how smart they are by teaching others, and there are people who show how smart they are by pointing out how little others know.  I put Bill Nye in the first group, and Neil degrade Tyson in the second. What is this gif actually from? Is this the same reddit that told me Pacific Rim was a good movie? Gravity has done better to raise awareness of NASA than years and years of an incredibly anti-science president. The science in the movie was fairly decent even if the facts weren't (namely the HST and ISS being on the (nearly) same orbital plane. I don't know if you folks have ever heard of Buzz Aldrin but he gave it a thumbs up.

http://marquee.blogs.cnn.com/2013/10/04/what-buzz-aldrin-thinks-of-gravity/

Since he's actually been in space, I'll accept his opinion. SPACE IS BORING THANK GOD GRAVITY ISN'T HYPER REALISTIC!  Stargate gifs for the win! You can't just take a quick stroll from the Hubble to the ISS!  They're in completely different orbits! I know this won't be popular on Reddit, but sometimes I wish Neil deGrasse Tyson would just shut the fuck up. We get it, a Hollywood movie isn't going to portray every single scientific intricacy accurately. You don't need to publicly shame the directors or go on a Twitter tirade to let us know how smart you are.  it was ehhhh Neil's shaking his head and I already committed to see it. But all I really wanted were the views anyway, I'll never view Earth from that angle in real life so IMAX it please. Must be a rattle in there. Rule 1... I guess you could say that this movie is working against him.

Did you see what I did there? He must be a lot of fun at parties.  leave now, comments are hardcore circlejerk  There are two absolutes in this world . First that new science and discoveries makes one feel awe struck with wonder and imagination. Two science becomes dull very quick once it is familiar from repetition  I would love to watch an full length movie of NDT watching Gravity.  The guy behind not watching "gravity" I'm pretty sure he's channelling Mr Bean in that gif Watched it during the weekend, all I can say is this is not the film for those who get travel sick. I was curled up in a ball in my chair for practically the whole movie.  When you leave the theater after watching that movie you get that feeling you have when you get off a roller coaster. Also, he said although it was innacurate in his opinion he enjoyed it very much.  /r/retiredgif STARGATE ATLANTIS! The fire in the ISS thing was fascinating. Is that how fire would behave in microgravity? I be the was shaking his head at how the debris field had to have been moving faster than their craft, but it was also in the same orbit I haven't see gravity yet, and I don't think I want to go see it.I'm afraid that I will not be able to immerse myself due to too many hours of playing KSP.  Can anyone tell me I'm wrong on this so I can justify buying the movie ticket? I would hate to see his reaction to [Double Gravity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upside_Down_(film\)). Did someone catch the error...when Sandra was hallucinating Clooney says the station is 100 miles away..she wakes up and says 'oh the station is only 100 km away' --just a small error that I caught.  It can very difficult to enjoy movies about a topic one is an expert in indeed. 

Black Swan for example hat famous ballerinas hating it around the world. For tank enthusiasts it can be very difficult to enjoy movies that include tanks, because they are hardly ever represented realistically and often remodelled on a very different chassis, with of course many deviations from the tank they are supposed to represent. The [Tiger in Band of Brothers](http://www.armchairgeneral.com/wordpress/wp-content/features/bob/BOB_064.jpg) for example was based on a T-34/85, and this comes with many flaws.

It takes some effort to overlook these things.

[But what really grinds my gears is when a perfectly fine tank is bastardised for no reason other than "looking cool", and the result is just stupid.](http://www.reddit.com/r/tanks/comments/1kfm9k/no_optics_windows_instead_of_viewblocks_at_least/) This poor thing comes from The Fast and Furious. Freakin hilarious! Did you find the vodka ? Watch out, we're dealing with a badass over here.  I wish the movie was the start to an epic sci-fi. 
All and all though - great.  According to my physics professor,  it was actually quite accurate A fire extinguisher could not propel you through space, not give you a concussion. Chris Hadfield talked about this I believe. Gravity was the most visually stunning things I have ever seen.  It was like watching a state of the art ride at Disney World To borrow from Robot Chicken: "It ain't accurate, but it'll blow your fuckin' mind." Could this movie be loosely based on the Radio Lab episode about darkness?  thanks for making my night! haha How many people would not have gone to see it if Clooney and Bullock were not in the movie though?
  Didn't pull him in as much as me, apparently. Awesome imagery, not much of a plot, very little character development. I'll give them artistic license for the scientific flaws, but comparing this movie to 2001 is ridiculous. Is this where I mention the shuttle, Hubbell, and 100km away?  Ok. Before downvotes come pouring in, I liked the premise of the movie with an unexpected accident occurring in space that results in having to improvise on a whim and keep your cool. I respect George Clooney and Sandra Bullock as actors because I do think they have the acting talent to back their repuatation which is a rare thing among famous actors/actresses today. Also, I am usually not a big fan of 3D movies as they come off as more of a hype and a way to rake in extra money by Hollywood, but the 3D movie for this movie was well used and worth the 3D price (about the only other movie that has movie that has used 3D effectively lately making it worthwhile has probably been Avatar)

However, despite the overall favorability I have for this movie, I did have a issues that I think would have made the movie better (this is where you are probably going to start hating me). First off, as I mentioned before, I respect Clooney and Bullock as actors. However, because they are so well known and recognized, it was really hard for me to see them as any other character aside from George Clooney and Sandra Bullock in outer space. If they had used lesser known actors in the movie, I think it would have been easier for me to relate to the characters.

Another problem I had was with Bullock's character. I understand that if you suddenly find yourself marooned in space from a freak accident you would flip the fuck out initially, but eventually you have to get your shit together and focus if you want to survive. Her character seemed to be spending freaking out while Clooney's character figured shit out and tried to calm her down than she did actually thinking and staying calm. It got kind of annoying after a while.

Overall though, I liked the premise of the movie...it just needed some tweaking /r/gifs I imagine him saying

"it don't work that way" I'm over people talk about how unrealistic a movie is. THAT'S WHY WE WATCH THEM!!! Movies (especially action) are entertainment and are supposed to blow our minds and do the unimaginable. I know Bruce Willis can't really shoot down a helicopter with a car or win a fist fight with a Harrier, but watching him do it on the big screen is fucking awesome.

I love NdT, but I thought his tweets the other day were really douchey, not to mention he threw a lot of spoilers out there for people who hadn't seen the movie yet. Even though the director did shoot for certain elements to make it more realistic, at the end of the day it's fiction, a fantasy world, and screenwriters and directors can do whatever they want with it. I'd hate to see the day where professionals in every field critique works of fiction relating to their knowledge

TL;DR: Neil deGrasse Tyson nitpicking a work of space fiction is like Tiger Woods firing off 15 tweets about Happy Gilmore's golf swing. Can some explain to me how can a movie about just two actors lost in space makes such a  good movie?   You guys do realize it's not a documentary...right? I don't get it. The only thing I took from the movie was how frustrating it was. Super hard to watch. I can't say I'd recommend it to friends, or watch it again, but this is all my opinion. oh reddit, you're so smart So I really don't get the reviews for this movie. On metacritic, they all boil down to: "If you accept that it's bad, it's awesome. But you have to accept that to enjoy it. 10/10"

I thought this movie looked terribly boring and stupid when I saw the preview, now people tell me I was right, and yet they loved it? Excuse me sir but, What the actual flying flippity fuck? yeah suck a dick tc, way to be wrong Sounds like the biggest asshole to watch si-fi movies with. Imagine trying to watch Alien 2 with this guy I respect his input, but, come on man. It's a work of fiction, and everyone knows this.

I almost feel like he was just trying to get his name in the limelight by making these comments. Most, if not all, Hollywood movies should be enjoyed with what is called "suspension of disbelief". It is this that let's us enjoy movies for what they are - a fucking story someone is trying to tell.  Hollywood will never get it 100% and the sooner these "experts" accept that the better. That's me watching every episode of eureka. Fake science drives me crazy.  I don't wanna spend money on the movie... is it actually good?

Someone spoiler me plox Looks like an incredibly boring movie. Why can't we just call him Neil Tyson. I mean it sounds manlier. And deGrasse is for hormonal teenagers "seriously sandra?" What a smug nigga... ... but ive managed to resist making a reaction gif folder for so long! Damn you Neil! My physics teacher watched this movie and did exactly that, though not out loud thank god. I fucking love that guy. Check out Star Talk and his guesting spots on The Nerdist podcast. It's fantastic. Tyson is an arrogant jerk.     When will Reddit get off this guy's dick? That movie was bad... Can't stand this guy. Abuses his position and flaunts it everywhere (not necessarily in a bad way, but an obnoxious one). People like him take the fun out of entertainment.  I really enjoyed the movie, and I liked the 3d elements....... kids also enjoyed it. Should listen to the Joe Rogan podcast with Neil deGrasse Tyson. He talks about how movies bother him at one point its pretty funny. Pretty interesting discussion all around. Fuck that pluto killer. I probably won't be able to enjoy it so they won't get my money Pluto Killer!!!! Neil is DeBomb I'm disappointed he actually liked the movie. I thought it was lame pies.  NdGT watching [The Core](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0298814/): [image](http://cdn.dropmark.com/8921/4e7e9e3333607a8f9f7cf122d598c2e62c036073/EqTua.png) My opinion on best use of IMAX and 3D would have to be on Metallica: Through the Never. Gravity was good though Debating on seeing it Imax or just 3D. [deleted] Neil deGrasse Tyson never been in space... criticizes movie about space. I have a man crush on this man. He can do no wrong.  I was getting interested in this movie till I saw the same people in this thread say Avatar was good. Lol.  I have a feeling that watching a movie with him would suck all the fun out of it. This was my reaction every time I heard anything about this movie, or saw the dumbass questions..I know I'm not Neil but I know a great deal about space and the common man knows absolutely nothing in comparison so I got frustrated a lot. [He is not talking about the movie](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys629ROKYtI) The movie is called Gravity because she is so relieved to feel it in the end.  Neil is one of the best minds on Earth.

I know one day he will fundamentally change the laws of the Universe to allow hoverboards and the like to become reality.


 Same thing happens to me when I watch movies/tv shows/games involving war What is the fixation on this guy all about? I'd bet that 999 people out out 1,000 couldn't name two things he's done without looking it up. Hell, most people here couldn't even name his *one* big "contribution" without looking it up. This is just a gif of a guy shaking his head in what may be a scoffing manner. Not hating on the man, hating on people jumping on the trend train and liking someone without even knowing anything about the him [deleted] That was definitely me while watching gravity...so much anti-physics... Burns his finger.  Releases the end of the balloon.  Gas ignites all at once.  I'll never fail to be amazed at people who play with fire who have no idea what they are doing.  I'm looking at you, bartender from two days ago. Well, he's Batman's problem now.  JESUS LANA THE HELIUM Why do so many people think this is helium? Helium is non-flammable. Here's a copy of the original video of this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n244Al7HZEs

I originally found that video watching this video showing fire inside a balloon: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQBRpddyu2M /r/Whatcouldgowrong would love this shit. [OH THE HUMANITY](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSuR2IgnimA&amp;t=1m57s) [This is what comes to mind after that](http://www.limbobus.org/gallery2/d/1755-1/red-foreman-that-70s-show-dumb-ass.jpg) kevin rose? What scares me is that 2 people thought this would be a great idea Too much hesitation

Not enough skill This seems like it could be a fun experiment done outside if you know what you're doing.  Oh the humanity! What was he really planning to do? Eat it? There should be s subreddit of stupid people doing stupid shit.  GET THA WATTA NIGGUH! Not as cool as I had hoped it would be in reverse

http://reversegif.com/gk9p Future Darwin award winner. Johnny Storm has really let himself go since his huffing helium got the best of him When I was a stupid teenager, I once tried to put down my pet fish (didn't want them anymore) by connecting their air supply to tanks of butane and propane.

I let the gasses bubble through the system for a while, then I took a lit match and carefully tried to place it under the glass cover of the tank.

I quickly found out that I'm a retard, as the fish tank exploded from the cumulation of the gasses under the lid. My arm hairs were all burnt off and my face was mildly burnt.

My arm stung for about a week from the burn. Would love to see this in slow motion HD. Employee of Kramerica.  aaaaaaaannnd eyebrows are gone. What could go wrong?  This is why we need to fund science education. This gif turned into an action movie scene in a matter of seconds  I was watching this and from the start I was chanting "what a dumbass, you retard" then the expected happened Well that escalated quickly!  annnnnnd goodbye eyebrows This is a fun game.  It's called how long until physics kills you. and the darwin award goes to... Well, saw that one coming Looks like the guy from digg. I miss that webcast. That just wasn't frat at all. This is in the same vein as the people that throw a cup of gas on a fire to get the flames going.

No Mo Eyebrows That dude is my doppelganger... And an idiot... my doppelganger is an idiot... fml. Fuck yo gif, nigga! Fuck. Yo. Gif!

I swear these servers that yall choose to use... Darwin Award honorable mention. I'm half expecting Jimmy Kimmel to pop in the door with a fire extinguisher again. gtfo its fake [More Beautiful Pics &amp; Gifs](http://opticoverload.tumblr.com/)
 HE LEFT US... HE LEFT US! One of the most effective scenes depicting pure terror that I've ever seen. My eyes still water every time I hear the song they play as they fly into the island.  That was the first movie I ever saw in a theare When ever I eat steak I will do that ignorance is bliss scene. Also from Dennis the menace "it taste like wood...... And paint". And one more, the scene from Napoleon dynamite where uncle rio cuts the first peice off in a triangle shape and smears it around the blood.  My younger brother and I used to reenact this scene all the time! Memories. This is a Unix jello.  I've only smoked a hand full of cigarettes but every time I have one in my mouth I'm obligated to say "Hold on to yo butts" [Pepe the King Prawn!](http://cdn.makeagif.com/media/8-09-2013/sc2u8r.gif)

*I have some loose Jell-O, okay.* The two kids in this movie did such an awesome job. Dat nostril flare the scene where she runs screaming with her arms in front of her is pretty freakin' funny. Droppings dino droppings? This is the scene that gets you shit scared and terribly hungry at the same time. Confirmed. Only because I sneak around [dressed like this.](http://loyalkng.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/top-10-godzilla-cosplays-costumes-mothera-mechagodzilla-ultraman-ghidorah-6.jpg) Eating jell-o at the buffet just got a whole lot more interesting. That bitch was so excited about jello. The way the gif loops gives me a mini anxiety attack every time. [i like to eat it like this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJMqUKblVgA&amp;t=0m50s) You just reminded me that I haven't had jello in years! And sales of Jell-O were 40% higher than normal on October 8 2013.. If I had just been through what she had, and walked into a room full of every type of food imaginable, Jell-O would be my last choice. [Every time I go to the vending machine](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oFfScP0S_M) My 10-year old self just peed himself...in my 30-year old self's jeans. http://i.imgur.com/jtaKQ.gif Clever girl! [do you also dress up as a typical 90s hip teenager?](http://imgur.com/g5CkDc2) So has Michael j fox Food has never looked more appetizing than in that one scene. My favorite scene
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnWNyKqI3Bc She's my age. Yeah I'm not alone! :D


...Sigh... who am I kidding... Expected this....

http://www.sodahead.com/question/3347819?link=ibaf&amp;imgurl=http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mce8m02wp51rwzwmto1_1280.gif&amp;q=rave

Guess I am too old..
 ITT: every quote from Jurassic Park. I also do that. I'll bet you have yet to nail the sound of it, right? Try as I might, I can never match it. [NSFW (butt relevant)](http://0.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/35/43/89854c47bbf346d773f5e0f096bc7391-jurassic-park-kids-scared-by-butts.gif) I always wondered about this scene. In the movie, she states she is a vegitarian...but if i recall correctly, gelatin is not vegitarian. I think i need more fun in my life...
 They remember... 1993 You may or may not enjoy [this](http://gifsound.com/?gif=http%3A%2F%2F24.media.tumblr.com%2F50df7632534baef06eafc90315132dc9%2Ftumblr_mqrznt1K1R1s1ja5uo1_500.gif&amp;sound=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DXCGQiGEYl4Y&amp;start=15). The character in the movie was a vegetarian.  And she was eating Jell-O.  

Too funny.

Go look it up.  TIL inc. Jurassic Park reference, obligated to upvote Thank god this scene wasn't done by Michael J Fox That is awesome!  I wish I could give you more up votes! /r/shittytumblrgifs ahh yes the cinema i love myself a good motion picture.  but grow up and just eat your damn jello I love the part where the kids get trapped in the car and some dinosaurs come and bang there ass cheaks on the windsheild [As shown here](http://i.minus.com/ibm3Ti5mZYdMON.gif) I'm 28 and back in college getting a new degree. I go to school with kids that have never seen this movie. 

There's no hope for humanity.  That movie could have been so good.
*edit* Did you all see that raptor suit video that was posted a bit ago? That was really amazing. I wonder how many times these exact same 6 panels has been posted on Reddit.... It's almost like it was a double entendre.   Good night everybody A lot of full episodes are available on [YouTube.](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Animaniacs+Full&amp;oq=Animaniacs+Full&amp;gs_l=youtube.3..0l10.672.1103.0.1269.5.4.0.0.0.0.146.204.2j1.3.0...0.0...1ac.1.11.youtube.99FoLAtZj4g)  OH NICE AND CHUBBY BAAAAABYYYY! Why dont you go purify yourself in the waters of Lake Minnetonka? watched this as a kid every Saturday! watched it about 2 weeks ago and can't believe my parents let me watch this! greatest pun/play on word jokes ever That show had sooo many jokes that were inappropriate for a kids' show, I wonder how they got away with it. Tiny Toons was the same way. I remember one time they cut to commercial with this: "We'll be back in a few secs.... Oops! Did I say SEX?" Even as a kid, I cringed at how bad and totally inappropriate that joke was. They had political jokes too, with a huge lefty bias.  How the heck was 6 year old me supposed to get these jokes? o_O Then they went back to his place, and he made them pancakes. If anyone can muster the clip from the 'Maltese Falcon' spoof they did - the 'give me the bird' part, I'd be forever indebted.... please.... ^whimper When was this popular?... I'm 21 and never has an animaniacs phase. Gettin' real tired of these reposts.
 Nowadays something like this would be TV-MA. Prince looks disappointed. /r/nostalgia Aaaaand my childhood was just ruined. Broccoli is delicious. 

I just made broccoli and beef a few days ago and I'm still looking forward for leftovers tomorrow.

Yesterday I made broccoli casserole (a 9" X 9" X 3-4" deep) and it's gone today.  

Guess what I'm planning on making on Friday?  More broccoli.  Shit was literally on the front page yesterday. Wtf knights of new?  Anyone seeking more info might also check here:

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Damn you broccoli!!!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/14cr7x/damn_you_broccoli/) ^**B** | 168 | 10^mos | funny | 6
[Food &amp; Ninjas](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1ciuwa/food_ninjas/) ^**B** | 1694 | 5^mos | funny | 139
[Tactical Lunch](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1kn9op/tactical_lunch/) ^**B** | 23 | 1^mo | funny | 0
[I hope there's no broccoli](http://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/14dxk3/i_hope_theres_no_broccoli/) ^**B** | 513 | 10^mos | comics | 33
[Damn broccoli is sneaky.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/14c2wn/damn_broccoli_is_sneaky/) ^**B** | 1388 | 10^mos | funny | 37
[Broccoli](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/153koh/broccoli/) ^**B** | 10 | 9^mos | funny | 2

*[Source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/funny/comments/1o0osv/ninja_broccoli/) (B = bigger)*

I believe this was also the top comment in another thread yesterday. I don't get all this hate for brocolli. It's one of the most non-detestable vegetable I've ever tasted.

Ampalaya or bitter squash, now that is one of the most horrible tasting veggies that I know. In all seriousness - steamed chopped broccoli could actually go well in potatoes. Throw in some cheese, some garlic salt, hell, bacon.... Fuck it, just hide the broccoli in meat'n'potatoes. This reminds me of one of Jack Handey's "Deep Thoughts"...

&gt; The next time I have meat and mashed potatoes, I think I'll put a very large blob of potatoes on my plate with just a little piece of meat. And if someone asks me why I didn't get more meat, I'll just say, "Oh, you mean this?" and pull out a big piece of meat from inside the blob of potatoes, where I've hidden it. Good magic trick, huh? fucking repost already? jesus christ you karma whores have no decency When I eat it it honestly taste sweet is that just me or is anyone else like that? My mum never tried that.  She just told me to eat it, and you better believe I ate that fucking broccoli.  I saw broccoli nipples. Anyone else see broccoli nipples? Get food allergies then bitch, Bitch.  Never in my life would I waste mashed potatoes by flinging them across the room. They are my guilty pleasure T_T I laughed just a little too hard at this... Food-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthin' Ta Fuck Wit Or... HIDING INSIDE OF THE [MUFFINS](http://i.imgur.com/fCkY6Lp.jpg)!
 The feliñata centipede  http://i.imgur.com/fmD0Pzg.png First time I've seen a pussy penetrating an ass. Now cough. Day 1: I was noticed immediately. Marginally related story:

Back when piñatas were an expected aspect of a birthday party, I attended a friend's celebration as one of maybe twenty guests. The festivities progressed without much deviation from the established routine: We played Pin-the-Tail-on-the-Donkey, Musical Chairs, Hot Potato, and that game in which one smartass kid always yells "Purple light!" 

There was, however, one thing missing: Throughout the course of the party, there were no snacks offered, and no candy. The attending parent's reasoning behind this was simple: Once it came time to break open the piñata, there would be more than enough candy to go around, so we didn't need any beforehand. Normally, the absence of candy wouldn't have been a big deal... in fact, I doubt if any of us would have even noticed, had it not been for the aforementioned parent's insistence on mentioning it every five minutes.

"Now, remember," she'd brightly call, "there will be plenty of candy when we break open the piñata!"

Eventually, the big moment arrived. The birthday boy, of course, was the first to take his swing at the papier-mâché party prop, after having been adorned with a blindfold and spun in a circle. By a stroke of sublime luck, his weapon - a re-purposed broomstick - connected squarely with the exact center of piñata, splitting it in half after only a single blow.

The assembled children rushed forward, ready to snatch up as much of the eagerly awaited candy as they could hold... but nothing fell from the eviscerated animal.

"What's this?" the birthday boy's mother asked, stepping forward with a confused expression. "Did they give us an empty piñata?"

Another of the parents chimed in: "You're supposed to fill them yourself."

"Oh!" the mother exclaimed. "Oh, I didn't..." Then, with a look of dawning horror, she turned to face the crowd of expectant children. "Well, uh... oh, it looks like... um... well, who wants cake?"

A cheer went up, and the day was saved, but not before several children expressed their disappointment to each other at the unexpected turn of events.

"There's no candy," one young lady mentioned.

"I know," replied the birthday boy, rolling his eyes like only a six-year-old can. "My mom is stupid sometimes." [Relevant GIF](http://imgur.com/r/RedditRePost/rl6mt). Bite the pillow, I'm going in. He's getting a cat scan and a biopsy at the same time. What a candy-ass I can't believe all the shit he's got in here. " ! " - pinata Viva Pinata just took a turn for the worst. So THAT'S how Nyan cat was born! What's the matter, cat got your anus? TIL a Piñata is really just the molted skin of the felis silvestris catus entering it's final stage of adulthood. [I think this kid was more surprised...](http://imgur.com/ElriUmm) Richard Gere's wet dream http://imgur.com/NS6pRie

She was much happier when she was with me. 

 I'll be the douche and say it. piñata* http://imgur.com/zuPKNFR I WISH SOMEONE WOULD STUFF A CAT INTO MY ASSHOLE. That's it. Just give it a sniff. No, no, that's too far. Caution, those things are flammable as hell, so are pinatas. TIL this is what the rappers mean when they say "i'm gonna bust a cat in yo ass"  **˜** now this is a great example where the title makes the post!  *piñata Oh my god, this looks exactly like [my cat](http://imgur.com/vdGpD73). Here's a better picture of the [spot](http://imgur.com/LgorPQZ) he has. Sometimes pussies eat assholes. Then dicks fuck pussies and end up all shitty!  piñata Anyone seeking more info might also check here:

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[It's my cake day. This is Benny, exploring a piñata the cat way.](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1be1ox/its_my_cake_day_this_is_benny_exploring_a_piñata/) ^**B** | 1808 | 6^mos | aww | 71
[i can has candy too?](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/ot78z/i_can_has_candy_too/) | 131 | 1^yr | funny | 14

*[Source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/funny/comments/1nzzn3/this_pinata_was_alarmed_to_say_the_least/) (B = bigger)* TIL not every donkey is Donkey Show material His body was not ready. Alarmed how about violated. That pinata is going to need YEARS of therapy. Or he is going to tie himself up in a tree and let kids.. off him.  "Get me outta here RIGHT MEOW!" ~shitty kitty Fred really, really hated Tom.   That little pussy was always crawling up his ass about something.

Literally. Okaaay. Turn your head and cough. That piñata has seem some shit. So has the cat Someone should make a cat version of Ace Ventura 2.   Yep, its prostate cancer Baseball!  BASEBALL! TQBF requests this feline to be removed from his rectum at once. A pinata full of KitKats. Yummy. When i get back to work after having surgery I'm not going to be able to look the asda pinatas in the face ever again *"Can you hear me now?"* Not only does this look like my parents cat, it looks like my parents rug and living room... 

... dad?  The Human Centipinata.  Proctologist kitty has gone too far! Rule 34 Hold onto your skates Gordy, we're goin' in! That thousand-yard stare. Ace Ventura cat. I love the look on the Pinata's face. Like it's surprised the cat is crawling into its ass.

"I KNOW I SAID I WANTED PUSSY, BUT THIS IS NOT WHAT I MEANT!" The one on te right's into it but the one on the left is *just* experimenting. Were its eyes that wide before the cat entered it? "You might wanna bite the pillow..." i would think a rainbow colored pinata would enjoy that.  he even got his tail out of the way.  he looks happy Good news: Little Bobby is getting a kitty for his birthday

Bad News: Little Bobby has a heck of a swing.  Curiosity killed the cat. And was very uncomfortable for the pinata... [](/fsfear) The face says it all. Pussyception "Whiskered for her pleasure" "But I poop from there  " But I poop from there! Felinepinatapide.  Didn't know cats liked to burro. Don't worry, piñata. Everyone cries the first time. Now where did I leave my wallet? That butt kitty has the same markings as my kitty! *Until they try to kill us with bong, bong, bong in anoos.* Danm he gets not ass then me If you can't beat 'em, conjoin 'em. Pussy - ass cholo.





Ha get it? Pussy? Ass? Cholo? ha. fuck you, you better get it. &gt;.&gt; Mallrats. I can see it now. 

*"Hi, Honey! How was your day?"*

*"Fuck off!"*

*"Jesus, what crawled up your ass today?"* This is how ancient Egyptians enticed the cats into the cat sarcophagi.  It's in the eyes Relevant: http://imgur.com/zWky5Cd His eye says it all... So much pain... This reminded me of that horrible xbox 360 game. 
Viva Pinata is the name.  Wow.. that looks a lot like my cat!  Now I know where he got all that candy. If it shits I fits. #buttstuff [My cat Cookie did a similar...ahem...penetration about 5 years ago.](http://i.imgur.com/BOjO0xl.jpg) [PROCTOR!!!](http://youtube.com/watch?v=pobCoKFEfXk) But not as alarming as my _____. [I'm sorry piñata bro.](http://i.imgur.com/p9wnQ.gif) One of our cats has like, the exact same coloring as this cat. ! I have the strangest boner right now... "Oh, bother." Can I have a coin flipped in THIS thread? Heads- I clean the dishes. Tails- I take a nap That cat is the new [Anal Intruder](http://sp1.fotolog.com/photo/33/11/50/leon_de_nemea/1235743894786_f.jpg). Piñata Piñata* Cat! Give back my pinata! It doesn't even fit. You are a cat. if it fits, i hits My anus is bleeding! True love is half your body deep. I don't know if the cat was in the pinata to begin with but that's the best prize in a pinata ever "There was never any candy!" Pedro laughed as he galloped off, leaving Duchess feeling even more used and humiliated. That piñata has seen some shit....then again so has the cat.  If it shits, I fists I just discovered my new fetish. The dreaded catscan.  Need more than a dose of Valium for that one. that wasnt a fart...  Ace Venpurra A penetrating pussy? How ironic Reminds me of [this guy](http://youtu.be/aQjBiNjXuag?t=1m21s) Is that you, Jerry? If I fits I sits: Extreme Edition! HAS SCIENCE GONE TOO FAR?! PIÑATA

FTFY Really, how old is this picture?  Some would say he was just being "analised" *"dont stop"* Hey kids! The days of hitting your pinata are over! The new and improved from the inside out technique is getting rave reviews! 
See example here: I'm getting a colonoscopy this week.  I know how it feels. Viva Pinata filled with fun? Dr. Cat: Right. Now, how long have you had these pains, Mr. Pinnata?

Pinata: No, that's "Pinata".

Dr. Cat: Two A's?

Pinata: One A. P-I-N-A-T-A.

Dr. Cat: That's two.

Pinata: Yeah, but not right next to each other. I thought that's what you meant.

Dr. Cat: Drop your shorts and bend over.
    
Pinata: No...we don't have to, I mean, maybe I just haven't been doing enough calisthenics...you know, my kidneys feel a lot better now, maybe if I just bent over like this every morning......
    
[Dr. Cat inserts his head into Pinata's anus with an audible "pop" sound]
    
Pinata: [singing] Moon River......[talking] Whew...ever serve time, Doc?
    
Dr. Cat: Breathe easy.
    
Pinata: Yeah...breathe easy... Ahh!! Using the whole upper torso, Doc?! 3...2...1...

IM GOING IN DRY! Postal 2 piñata style [That looks familiar](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaH4za2yoFs) i have that pinata
 I think your cat has been taking advice from Leon Black.  The eyes and the stiff, upright stance make it. I think that piñata needs an adult. alt + 164 makes ñ 

you have ti use the number on the keypad, not the ones above the letters. moonRIVERRRRRRR! LOL a little pussy with one in the stink  I was expecting an alarmed piñata. As in, hit it and a buzzer starts blaring. 

I know what I'm doing for my next birthday party... Wouldn't you be surprised if a cat crawled into your ass? The other cat massage.  "God dammit! You use a stick for the piñata Crazy Cat Lady!" I wonder how common the coloring of your cat is? I have a cat that looks the same and there is another that lives on my road. Weird. No polyps...just some Skittles. Is this some kind of fetish? "Help me find my keys and we can **drive** out of here." I don't think that is how you are supposed to do a cat scan. "... and so kids, that's where kittens come from." That eye hahaha  Remember curiousity killed the cat kitty. This just reminded me of an old video on YouTube a long time ago. I can't remember what it was called. It was animated and the antagonist was a piñata that had a castle. In the end he was having a party. Any ideas? Oh my fuck this is hilarious.

Sorry for the shitty post. Pinmeowta You'd look like that, too, if you had a cat climbing in your ass. Just when I'm ready to give up on reddit, I get sucked right back in!! *Insert funny comment about a pussy and going in dry here* Rub his nose in it http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/Police_2a8a24_2130044.gif "Are you coming or going?" Pinatacenticat? Now where is my bat... backwards nyan cat Invasive Cat Scan. Well, that piñata does look pretty gay. 
Source: I'm a former gay piñata.   That's one hairy horse pussy The pinatas Eyes make this 100 times better! There's porn for that. But what did he do on Sunday? [I sometimes even watch it for 20 hours straight...](http://imgur.com/GlXKoPh) &gt;_Absolutely nothing. And it was incredible._

A more socially acceptable response to say the exact same fucking thing. I think "I played 14 hours of GTA" is probably a more accurate assumption. There is more than 14 hours of the weekend! I think Kevin secretly had an awesome life, but since they were constant dicks to him, he never invited them to his awesome parties. Good, I just surfed reddit for 14 hours Sleep, eat, shit, TV, Game, Repeat... was a good weekend.
 I fapped for 14 hours Ummmm.... I played 20 hours of World of Warcraft. Most of this time was spent mindlessly flying around in circles at Orgrimmar :-/ More like how was your Friday night... Lightweight; I've done twice that before. what episode is this from? My weekend was on reddit and still going..... All I could think of is [this...]( http://imgur.com/Ow8dZFP) I honestly powered though season 9 of this show again this last weekend! Best use of time ever! It's not really that hard to do during football season. I also sat in front of TV, but as least I reinstalled an old laptop to give to someone, and I patterned out several leather projects, which should keep be busy for a few weeks. 

I mean, it was lonely as fuck, but I'm used to that after all these years. At least I got some stuff done. This is many Mondays for me, except my answer is "I binged out on (insert game here) all weekend, it was fantastic." Is it sad that I consider this a good weekend? Per day* So what if I choose to stay inside and watch anime all weekend. Get off my back dude. Well... Personally I went to a strip club last weekend Sounds about right. I don't think I've seen that episode yet....time to watch it until I do...um.  14 hours? Amateur. I love how on the second frame there is continuity between the stripe in the background, his bald head, and body. "If I cared about what you did on the weekend I'd put a shotgun in my mouth and pull the trigger with my toes." I did acid and then got road head. So...good. Played ~~14~~ probably 18 hours of Terraria
 I always feel stupid when I try and use this as a conversation starter at work.

"What did you do this weekend?"

"Oh, blah-blah-blah. What did you do?"

"Not a damn thing..." That sums up my friday perfectly.  I drank for like 4 days straight and had a mental meltdown yesterday at around 2100 CST. Yep. Describes my life.  just 14? Amateur. I can pretty much not leave the couch all weekend, except for food and toilet breaks. Good. I masturbated for 14 hours. Good I cleaned my entire house in 4 hours and didn't know what to do with the rest of it.  I watched Season 5 of Breaking Bad in one sitting this weekend. Started at noon, finished 2:30 am. 
 I played Minecraft for 21 hours straight on Sunday. I think that's a good day. Well if youre a furloughed worked you watched a little more than that.  I hate when people ask me this. Mostly because I don't really do anything. I mean, can I not do anything for a couple of days out of the week? Why do I always have to be fucking "on"? I work five days, I need to just fucking do nothing for two. Fuck off you don't like it. It's always an awkward conversation. You say you had a good weekend, then they ask what you did, and you're like "Fucking nothing, that's why it was good!" I mean, I can *do shit* during the week.  I flew from the Atlanta to Portugal and ran a half marathon a day later. Then flew back the next day. It was a busy weekend. I MISS THESE GUYS Sex. I had sex. Good, I browsed Reddit for 14 hours. That's what each episode of The American Office felt like to me, after a while. [This popped up just the other day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMDu3JdQ8Ow&amp;feature=youtu.be) and is wriggling its way deep inside me somewhere that's making me unsettled.  Marathoned the entire "Breaking Bad" series this weekend.All the while dodging spoilers on the internet like landmines. Hard to tell, but I think this scene is somewhat inspired by this scene from the UK version:

http://youtu.be/mChSrLzrb3E
 Thats so last century ew. I'm really getting tired of my weekends now :( I slept on the couch for 3 hours today.  But that was after cleaning the kitchen, washing every single dish in the house, and doing two loads of laundry.  So there's that. I am so jealous of people that can turn into sloths.  I got a total of 45 minutes of TV/Couch time this weekend.  Full Time Corporate Job, Full Time Evening MBA program, AND my Wife and I have an active social life.  I just want to sit on the couch and waste my brain away...  Amazing.  Well, if your stomach ache is from swallowing buckets of cum...
 The substitutes are chosen by team members.  You can select anything with the same department code. I don't know about you, but having sex always makes me feel better. Having done In-Stocks at Target for over a year, I can tell you that substituting off the wall items was the way I made it through the mind numbing task of scanning the store. Me and the other 2 guys would compare the best subs at the end of the day, and the winner got a soda.. It's the small things that keep you from suicide while working there.  That's Target's way of saying "Your Tummy hurts? Go fuck yourself!" Tums arent even for stomach aches they're for heartburn In all fairness those would be "ultra chewy" as well  Well, I guess if you've got the diarrhea and can't find any pepto you could just get someone to plug your ass with a cock. Makes perfect sense, seeing as how pregnancy -&gt; heartburn/morning sickness. FUCK AWAY THE PAIN As someone that worked at Target for a while, I can tell you that someone did this intentionally, and had a good laugh about it. I remember one at my store a few years ago was something along the lines of being out of Draino and suggesting to substitute for a laxative. I use baking soda as an antacid. Heartburn seems to not return as quick Well, if you had used a condom the first time, your stomach wouldn't have had to handle all that cocaine at once. Thus, no stomach ache. I've been using condoms wrong this whole time. Diarrhea in the condoms, problem solved. mmm cherry flavored More like pain in the ass Ride it out for a while. If the price ends with an 8, it means it'll be even lower. Target just told you to get fucked... They are both ultra chewy... Maybe you just need to cure your stomach ache from the inside? Actually sex has been proven to be a pain killer. Kinda defeats the "I don't feel good" excuse huh? Sometimes I swear I have dyslexia.  I read that as stomach acne for ten seconds not understanding this. Beldar would approve.  Semen, the preferred source of indigestion relief of shoppers everywhere. Back in grade school, the nurse gave band-aids for headaches. Those cost about 18 dollars at my cvs.. Oh c'mon, like you've never fucked away the pain before. Is it really so hard to just use Helvetica on the entire thing? I see this so often, people will mix and match Arial and Helvetica on the same piece of paper as if they're exactly the same. They always help me! I've got a horrible stomach ache. Please bone me. Now. Haven't you heard Tums is the new "pulling out" these days?! Tums aren't for stomach aches, anyway.
 Equally chewy,eh. You fool, it's because sex fixes everything. It's so crazy.....it might just work! Weird. usually protein doesnt help. XD Well sex helps with cramps sometimes :) Well, they are both very chewy. Based on the aisle you're in, I'd say Tums is what is out of place, not Trojan. I'm sure you found what you needed, looking for it right where it should be :) Did you show the Target folks, though? Would love to know their reaction. That's just rude. I remember when I saw those in a magazine I told myself the first thing I was gonna do with those is jump down the front steps and over a car. And then I got them. Mostly just walk/jumped down the hallway of my house making a fuckton of noise until I hurt one/both of my ankles. I think [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4dNpeB7r_g) was how we all pictured these shoes working out when we were kids...  I jumped on a trampoline with mine...needless to say I wasn't a very smart child http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V36LpPkwJ7I MOON SHOES! I had a rich friend who got some Moon Shoes.  He got over the disappointment by playing with all of his other toys and continuing to live in a mansion.

He also had that remote controlled hovercraft, the Typhoon.  It was great until the battery ran out right in the middle of the pool.  The Typhoon sank, at which point we found out that the electrical housing wasn't waterproof.  He got over the loss of the Typhoon by playing with all of his other toys and continuing to live in a mansion.

I'm an adult who can buy all the toys he wants, but I'm still jealous of that kid.
 I was a very heavy child who got these as a present.  I thought maybe they didn't work well because I was fat and couldn't jump for shit.  So I gave them to my friend who was becoming a semi-pro skateboarder.  When he told me it didn't do anything for him, I knew it was a scam.  Still hurt my feelings when I first tried it After reading these comments, I'm kinda glad we were too poor for these things. Imagine...dad spending god knows how much on these (x2 cause it was two of us) only to have them not bounce my brother and me out of our social class into super moon walking celebrity status. I got these inflatable "water-walkers" that you strapped to your feet and were supposed to be able to walk across the pool. I put mine on...took a step onto the water...and promptly went "whoosh" as I fell backward nearly splitting my head open on the edge.

Needless to say, they were recalled within a few weeks. wait, what? These didn't work? I was always too poor to have them but I longed for them...pretty much until right now. They didn't work? They have made some improvements on [trampoline shoes](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81Tup%2Bg-zXL._SL1500_.jpg) over the years. The $200 price tags reflects this. I saved up my money for about 3 months then on my birthday got money from my family and finally had enough to buy them for 100$, bought them, went home to play with them, within 2 hours ever single band had broken. I was a very small kid to, I didn't break triple digits in weight until my sophomore year. Anyways the next day after I bought them we went back to the mall to return something my parents had bought and stopped in the toy store, and the were on sale. 75% off.  [i think youve forgotten about this](http://almightydan.files.wordpress.com/2009/06/powerglove.jpg) As an older person, ours was the [Hippity-Hop.](http://i.imgur.com/vsOHpbk.jpg)

You spend ten minutes trying to do anything but an uncoordinated drag-roll, and the one time you manage to get a solid bounce out of it the laws of physics ensure that you land directly on your face with your hands wedged under your legs. I was a fat child... 

Picture how that went.. My experience : "Clonk, clonk, clonk, clonk... SNAP." These are how I found out Santa was not real when I was 8. My mother had these in a white plastic bag in the trunk(boot) of the car, when I was helping bring something in I noticed the box through the bag. When the gift was from Santa I knew.   [Arthur wanted Moon Boots too](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNBABIWrjro) ~~Moon Shoes.~~

Regular-ass shoes for fat kids. [Not even close](http://m.c.lnkd.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/p/7/000/260/065/3e5a15d.jpg) I imagine a lot of ankles have been rolled or broken, due to these things. Fuck moon shoes! sadder than a fat kid in moon shoes :( You could jump like that, if you like broken ankles....I also had those as a kid, along with a trampoline, they kinda cancel eachother out when you combine the two. Man, fuck Moon Shoes. I was sooooo excited about these things. Very disappointing.  Most truth in marketing as a child: sock 'em boppers Geeez this again... dont ever bring up the shame agian
 Who the hell thought that this would be a good idea? Moon shoes! Moon shoes! Kid powered anti-gravity shoes! Moon shoes!  That looks like Alyson Stoner Me and my brother had these when we were kids also. We thought they were the coolest shit ever until we tried bouncing like the kid in the picture. Those were safe enough for the children of litigious Americans; [these](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Powerbocking) are the real deal, and actually do what your child self expected from Moon Shoes. Seamonkeys and X-Ray Glasses were far more devastating marketing lies to my childhood psychological makeup. For me it was this PIECE OF SHIT: http://imgur.com/P5FnKJD I broke my fucking ankle on those death shoes. At least she's wearing sambas. What a great shoe. But the rubber bands... They were the best ammunition, bartering chips (all the friends wanted the rubber band: extreme edition), and multipurpose tools of everything. As a fat kid, these were just terrible shoes that occasionally broke and whipped my lower leg.

 [No tears](http://www.loreal-paris.co.uk/img/l10n/brands/lOrealKids/product2.png) was my biggest lie Maybe you were too fat I always thought they looked pretty underwhelming in the commercials Man, even just seeing this bummed me out. Those were such a disappointment... "Jump straight to the moon." Great way to snap your neck. I could get higher on my pogo ball i fucking had those abominations. god damn! These are stated to have a maximum weight of 180 pounds. Which immediately became my dieting wife's goal weight. x ray specs. Ended up using the bands to put around my board games because I was constantly fucking around on the inside of my closet and my board games would fall open and spill.  How would these things even work? Physics says no. What are you talking about? These things were awesome! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4dNpeB7r_g  all I could think of I got one of these for Christmas as a kid, hoped on and broke my ankle in a few minutes. I wish I was kidding. These things are pure evil. You still had to have ups for them to work. I remember wanting those things so badly as a child. This makes me feel slightly better. What happens when you jump on a trampoline and Moon Boots on? Their novelty value was less than Floam according to my daughters' usage. I loved these! They actually worked relatively well. I don't think I would jump upstairs in them though  I always wanted these  I remember those working wells but I was eight. I once jumped with those onto my dogs tail (accidentally) and broke it I remember when I saw those as a youngen I knew those wouldn't work and had to try to explain to my friends they didn't work.  The sea monkeys were really disappointing too. the elastics in these thinks were awesome for making slingshots I'm pretty sure the highest I got was 1 1/2 feet If you bought a pair of these I feel bad for you son, I had 99 toys and this shit ain't one. My dad HATED my moonshoes but that didn't stop me from clip-clopping around the house all day in the cumbersome things. Broken ankles. Broken ankles everywhere. Fuck the person who invented these.  Got these once from my uncle, I jumped two inches then fell over and hurt myself and never used them again. My feet were too big for the largest size made when those came out... they were shit but I remember they came with a huge bag full of replacement bands so a friend and I linked them all together and attached one side to the basketball goal post at my house and the other to my neighbors goal post, strapped on the trusty ole roller blades and had a bad ass slingshot. The ad http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaMY8XakxQ8 Those and Sock'em Boppers.

"THE HIGH-POWER ANTI-GRAVITY SHOES!"
-I can't even clear two feet in this shit. I feel for the fat children who must've broken their pair instantly.

"MORE FUN THAN A PILLOW FIGHT!"
-I dunno about you, but Sock'em Boppers were the key focal point of many bloody battles to the death in my childhood. Every generation was hit with the "magic shoe" thing. [I imagined it would be like this ](http://vimeo.com/22840924) Destroyer of Ankles Twisted ankles for everyone!!! There was an episode of Arthur where he paid for his moon shoes by jumping high enough to rake trees before the leaves had even fallen. People actually paid him for it. 
In real life they sit somewhere for a few years and then the rubber rots and snaps the second time you ever try to use them. Am I too young or too old to know what these are? it was, totally. wanted some soo bad, but never got off the ground [Some improvements have now been made.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYLdlTeO0NU) Me my buddy always wanted to try and build [this](http://www.armagideon-time.com/?p=3450) we were kids. Anyone remember when Aurthur got himself a pair? http://youtu.be/RW16PHsh40Q?t=5m sorry, I think Sea Monkeys topped these, IMHO anyhow.... Not the Candy Van? Has anyone made some badass industrial heavy duty versions of those? U got that right I remember on Arthur when hes jumping up trees and shit like I thought that shit was real!!! The ankle breaker So much pain all of the time. [Even Hal bought into it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4dNpeB7r_g) Oh my god! I also had Break-my-ankle shoes! They'll bounce you straight to the emergency room! Broken ankles for everyone! No it wasn't, these were awesome. My ankles will never firget oh, ankle breakers! I remember those.  Current me says thanks for letting me know, the child inside of me still wants to have one regardless of your false opinions. I remember in 4th grade, taking all the black rubber bands off (since the shoes were pretty much worthless) and ringing them in to start a rubber band "Shootout" with the 5th grade class.  It was a fun recess, but also my first detention. I used those to jump into the trampoline, I broke both ankles :( I got a pair of these for christmas and enjoyed them for about a day until a neighbor kid (who also got a pair for christmas) broke his ankle on his own pair &amp; my mom made me take them back. Nah brah, [this shit was](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghdGxAqw7EY). If I remember correctly, it was approximately the size of a basketball, which is a) too small for most ninja turtles, and b) smaller than the one from the cartoon by several orders of magnitude. Fucking waste of a Christmas wish! I can only think of [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1un1YuIhC0) when I see these.  
  
"MY ANKLES ARE BROKE (HIS ANKLES ARE BROKEN!) I GOT BROKEN ANKLES!! AUGHGHROOOOROORHAO."
  
I will give gold if someone makes a song out of this with similar music that starts playing in the vid.   were you a paraplegic? Everyone mentioning 90's toys, yet not a single bit of love for Lawn Darts? One f the greatest assistances to natural selection second only to Steve Irwin instructional videos on "how to find out if there is something dangerous living in this hole" Moon Shoes? More like Asphalt shoes.
 girls being able to jump?  I had a pair of these. They were kinda neat, but certainly wasn't a substitute for a trampoline. Not what I thought they would be, but okay for playing with a few times. I'd walk around the yard in them, which felt weird. I had a trampoline anyway which certainly got a lot of use. If you find one cheap at a garage sale, buy it.  Those are some really nice quality giant rubber bands that can be used for lots of other things.  The plastic parts can go of course. My mom told me parents who didn't care about their children bought them. These formed the basis of a favorite childhood game: Moonshoe ping-pong ... someone is going to get hurt. I was always to fat as a kid to use these so every time I see these my dreams get crushed all over again :( THey sell shoes like this now for adults to exercise in. They are like $300, but if you take the class they rent the shoes to you. i sprained my ankles so many times on these... And no one thinks about nike and their shoes with a magic ability to make you run faster and jump higher. That is worse. I saw a commercial for a razor scooter that shoots sparks out the back. Feels like the same thing Reminds me of the Coyote using an outboard motor in a bathtub to chase the roadrunner. Never seen those before. My first thought was " there's a broken ankle waiting to happen " I broke all of my ankles on these things. 'Drink your Ovaltine?' I bought some for my daughter...I thought they were the answer to my childhood dream...spring shoes. Guess it's better than my childhood when they said "Smoking cigarettes is healthy!" Or "Hell is real because the bible says so"  No. X-ray specs (cringe). I got those when I was a kid....but my feet had already outgrown their specs, so I couldn't actually use them (I'm a size 10.5 in mens...as a woman...and have been that size since I was about ten). 

As an adult, though, there exists a product that makes you do just what you thought you could do in moon shoes/boots/whatever. Try some [powerisers!](http://www.powerisers.com/) I love mine. Don't worry, our dreams can still come true! [It's called Powerbocking](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=qFdoZkl77ws#t=13) and it's everything we wanted from moon shoes as a kid. It's just way more pricey and probably more dangerous. Those shoes really fucked my ankles.

 I wouldnt know since I never fucking got them Moon shoes. More like break every ankle you own 15 times. I loved mine though. They provided countless rubber bands for sling shots. I hate to be that guy-but I had these and I had a lot of fun with them.   I owned some of these and they were incredibly dangerous. if you didn't jump 100% properly (and you rarely did) you would roll your ankle. Since the moon shoes were so high up and attached to your foot, you would REALLY roll your ankle to the point where it smashes off the ground. On a happier note, the elastic bands made for some pretty sweet slingshots . A friend of mine was going to get [these things](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=vDdqGsfoZ-0#t=70). I was super excited, pretty sure I could do a back flip on them, etc, but he ended up not buying them. :( It looks like 3 payments of $19.95 and that will result in thousands in reconstructive surgery for your ankles. Remember Jarts, yard darts? My siblings &amp; I played with these death weapons. One landed into my lower leg, trip to the ER. we only stopped playing with them after a neighborhood kid got stabbed in the head. He survived. that girl in the picture must have broken an ankle or two just doing that shot. good thing they got it in one take. All I can say here is .................. I wanted these so bad when I was little! I BROKE MY ANKLE IN THESE! You know what toy I hated and found completely useless as a kid? Sockem Boppers. I dunno how much my mom paid but they were a waste of money. They were not more fun than a pillow fight. They were worse. My cousins who lived next door to me were like my "mean older siblings".

They took one booper between the two of them and proceeded to beat me up! One cousin she punched me so hard she popped hers. 

 Yeah she should be black if she's jumping that high I tried to walk down stairs with them...."tried" Don't forget soccer boppers. Bullshit they're more fun than a pillow fight All I got to say is:

part 1: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNBABIWrjro
part 2: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RW16PHsh40Q

You're welcome After seeing this comment and owning a pair, 20 years later I had to see if something better had evolved .  After quick google search was not disappointed: powerisers now only three times the cost of my original investment in1993!

 The Ankle Breaker 3000 I'm very glad my province has banned publicity aimed at kids (some do slip through though).

First you had the products, many of which seemed to be impractical, one-trick-ponies like these that appear to have sold based on the sheer novelty of them.

Then you had the ads themselves designed solely to excite kids.

Yup, glad I am. If you remember them, you remember that they did not work. :( I remember seeing a commercial about moon shoes and this one kid jumped to the moon. My parents bought a pair for me and I got so scared and started to cry because I didn't want to go to the moon...  For my 5th birthday my older brother got me a pair of these. The only reason I wanted them was because of the Arthur episode where he had the yellow shoes with springs on them. My brother being as nice as he was bought me a pair with a small paycheck he was receiving from his first job. When I got them I was happy for about 30 seconds until I realized just how much they sucked. I spent the rest of my birthday crying and yelling "THEYRE NOT MOONBOOPS!" repeatedly. At one point I actually kicked one in anger only to hurt my foot on the heavy plastic... I still cringe thinking about how ungrateful I was to my brother. 

TL;DR moonboops suck! The "jump lower than you normally would using twice the effort while making enough noise to lose all your friends until the rubber bands snap and you break your ankle" shoes

I'm pretty sure I still have a pair stuffed in my garage somewhere  [Powerisers](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QAGRGjqQZY) No way man I had a pair of those they were freaking awesome! I doubled up on the bands to make them super bouncy. They were just REALLY loud  and made everyone hate you.  They said it would be fun... Clicked on the link without seeing the thumbnail think, "its gotta be moon shoes"  Yeah. It's pretty unfortunate that producers get away with that. I was in a commercial for an unnamed children's pogo stick. I came about it because I do, in fact, ride an adult sized extreme pogo stick that you can do a lot of flips and tricks on. (check out www.youtube.com/xpogo for some crazy shit). Anyway, the pogo stick was for children about half my size, yet they completely misrepresented the product. They attached me and the other riders to stunt wires allowing us to bounce much higher and have essentially unlimited airtime. This allowed us to do tricks and flips that were unrealistic on even the largest of pogo sticks. Long story short: no, you can not do a double backflip on a children's pogo stick that costs 80 dollars. Sorry :(.  I still have mine!
I mean, they're in a box somewhere at my folks house.  Last time I saw them the bands were still oiled and not cracked.  I used to jump around in these things like crazy, for about a day. You mean they didn't work?? My parents never let me get them :( Hey yo, fuck anyone who had moon shoes or a power wheels.  These came out when I was in my late teens/early twenties, but more importantly, the same time I found  hallucinogens, to the moon I did go Does OP's name stand for Big Black D**k? I used to always want a pair of these when they showed them on legends of the hidden temple and figure it out These were so much fun! my foot didnt fit in them and i then i jumped about 2 inches tops off the ground before doing the splits Why is this in /r/funny? This is exactly what /r/nostalgia is for. I can't help but think that this post came out of [my earlier comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1nxrw0/the_time_has_come/ccnjtfj), but I'm glad we're all coming together to remember our childhood sufferings caused by the assembly and the utter disappointment of our perceived fun vs reality. what the fuck is that it looks like rolar skates but Fuck you all, I loved my moon shoes. Oh wow...I remember those. I didn't even have time to comprehend what I was looking at after the picture loaded before some deeply ingrained part of my mind said "Oh my god! I can jump so high if I had these!" wtf are those I've never seen these before. Hm, how timely Totally reminded of this: http://youtu.be/fyKLGA37MBU
 No, Jesus was crucified resurrected as a giant rabbit that leaves colored eggs. Haven't you read the Bible? Source: http://completelyseriouscomics.com/?p=71

They even edited out the watermark. For shame.  If he could turn water into wine and rabbits into chocolate, I could see how he amassed quite the following. And this year Easter is on 4/20. Jesus' power to turn rabbits into chocolate will appease all of the stoners. October 8th, the Australian Easter
 What about turning eggs into [revolting high-fructose abominations](http://i.imgur.com/K024AdU.jpg)? The ears are the best part. I think you're on the wrong side of the calendar This of course, is one of Jesus' lesser known superpowers. This sucks, why is it here? This is *so stupid*... How is this anywhere near the front page?   Phew, I got worried that Easter was coming up soon. That was a close one. For anyone interested in the real story of Easter: http://www.bibletruth.cc/Easter.htm

And it isn't the Bible story fyi Anyone else hear "CHOCOLATE!!" like that guy from spongebob? God, what douche.
Everyone knows rabbits taste better pan-fried. You do know its no where close to Easter right? I would expect to see this in April but not October.  As an Easter-farian, I can confirm this is true [Chocolate?](http://wantsome.ytmnd.com/) Anyone else read it as CHOCO-LATE? NOW EAT IT! So Jesus is Buu from DBZ? You're like 6 months late. this shal be the story i tell my children. Can't not read that in Joe's voice. (family guy) Hollow chocolate rabbits too. Monster. **Chocolate? CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE**

Edit: you know, like, spongebob.. Holy chocolate. Hershey's will claim he's the antichrist. This will cause a disturbance in the chocolate industry and potentially piss a lot of women off. Tread carefully Jesus of holy chocolate bunnies. Jesus, how about some holiday creep. Any way they can ridicule him they'll do it.  Why did this make me so sad? I WOULD CRY SO HARD.

/r/rabbits brethren! To me! Form a protective circle around the snuggles! An abortion of a holiday. I prefer the pagan ritual of screwing everything over worshiping some guy who may or may not be real. Whoever thought of combining the two should be cuffed. [deleted] So essentially what you're saying is that Jesus is at least partially responsible for America's obesity problem.

.......well.

Fuck religion.... haha being random is funny.  I'm sorry for the loss of every Christian upvote  How about some more wine, Jesus! This vaguely reminds me of [this scene from a really stupid amateur youtube video.](http://youtu.be/C8B4lxdReCk?t=1m47s)

Edit: That I play a janitor in. It ain't making me laugh, but I get it. Love me a sandy papery asshole.  So thin it only has one side. Yessir. Just waiting to roll up like rice in between your cheeks Who doesn't love the need to wipe 3000 times when you really have to hurry for a class? Yet when you try and tear it with one hand it's like trying to tear through a steel cable. http://i.imgur.com/mwz9oVA.jpg Clint Eastwood TP. Don't take shit off anybody! Work toilet paper. Two microns thick. First wipe... all good.
Second wipe a bit firmer... all good.
Third wipe a bit firmer still... Oops. Just fingered my asshole. Hi finger, meet butthole.  Single ply toilet paper is for communists, everyone knows that.  If you're a company that puts this crap in your bathrooms for your employees, then FUCK YOU. Can someone tell me how to move that "slicer" at the bottom so I can access the other roll? I still can't do it and I have to squeeze my hand in there to get to the other roll.  1-ply is actually made from [graphene](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphene). Fold it up. Ghetto two-ply.  2 ply - 20 grit...Gotta love it... Okay, I work on construction sites, and the porta potty TP is the worst. My solution, and I'm totally serious about this, as wierd as it sounds...

Dab some vaseline on your butthole in the morning. Just a bit. You will never get sandpaper asshole again. Is it as thin as Sarah Palin's resume? When it rips and it gets lost in the dark unknown... High quality rest stop TP Public restroom tp is sub atomically thin What my college gives us for our dorm bathroom... Why do people upvote this? He didn't take the photo, he didn't even edit it with one of the stupid meme editors! It took him 4 seconds of work, you upvote it and complain when your beloved subreddit loses quality.

I will never understand the mind of the internet. Airplane lavatory tp is worse. Makes you want to go inside and use the terminal's slightly less shittier bathrooms.  http://i.imgur.com/XOMJIi6.gif So what you're saying is we need to release a honey badger in congress? New AMA question: Would you rather fight a cassowary-sized honey badger or 5 badger-sized cassowaries? 

Edit: Some good points have been made regarding the chicken-sized cassowaries being easier to defeat. I'd argue that honey badgers are larger than chickens and usually chickens don't want to murder-kick your face. So I think it'd be fair to raise the number to 20 badger-sized cassowaries. Thoughts? Debate. I saw two honey badgers in person this summer. they were just sniffing around, paid no attention to the jeep. but i didnt get to see them do anything bad ass What type of bird is that?
Edit: Never mind. Just never mind  ~~I'm not one for animal abuse but I wouldn't look away from this confrontation if it happened by coincidence.~~

200 on Reptar. 

 AMA request: Honey Badger Is there a dangerous animal subreddit? I need it. Fucks aside, isn't it, the Honey Badger doesn't give a shit?  SHOWDOWN 2013 [I think the Op refers to this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r7wHMg5Yjg)

Edit: Thanks for the help! of all the potential threats in far cry 3 i was most afraid of the cassowaries.  [deleted] I would love to see someone develop a browser game with these two. Best fighting game ever. I'm sure the f bomb would be dropped somewhere in the title. Doesn't give a shit either; that's the thing. The problem is, Cassowaries give so much of a fuck they'll chase you down and disembowel you.  Honeybadger jus' don' care. I grew up in South Africa. My Grandad was an avid hunter, gun collector and trader. I've heard lots of stories about animals being dangerously smart. There's a pretty famous story about a hunter who shot and wounded a leopard, the leopard led him in a circle, then came up behind him and bit him in the head. 

My grandad told me that the ratel (honey badger) is the scariest fucker out there. Unless you shoot it in the  face, it will keep coming for you, and it's at the perfect height to disembowel an adult man with one swipe of its paws.  What? You really want to fuck with [this](http://media.smithsonianmag.com/images/cassowaries_oct08_631.jpg)? all birds are dinosaurs ya tard BADGER We'll now I need get one of each and place them in a pit if death  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r7wHMg5Yjg Does it make me a bad person that I want to see this battle happen? The attribute per fuck ratio here is undefined. Professor JpK? [Cassowarys]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cassowary) and badgers do not share habitats. That animal that looks like an ostrich, what the fuck is it? Do you know what a honeybadger is to a cassowary?
Food.
Yes that right, they eat meat too. /r/AdviceAnimals  How is this content?  Reddit is really getting shitter every day. Now i have to listen to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ezs2QbuFTQ
(Honey Badger Blood Orgy -- Action Figure Therapy) Thank you for not saying F*cks OP KNOWS, because Far Cry 3. OP KNOWS, because Far Cry 3. is like the fag cousin of the wolverine Honey badgers give zero fucks. 
But ive heard they somke blunts. It made the beer run in less than 12 miles. Wow, even the metallic letters are customized -- the Falcon is a YT-1300 class Corellian freighter I had to reread that...i saw "milf action" at first. How the hell do you let rust get that bad? vanakin skywalker Where can I get the rear window piece  My Little Falcon. What a hunk of junk!.........Luke Skywalker Nah...they got it all wrong. This is clearly a vehicle from Star Trek...it appears that it may be a *Voyager* MILFalcon Read it as MiLFCN What the hell is an Aluminum Falcon? MLFALCN.

Also known as Martin Luther Falcon. What a piece of junk.  It's sad that graphic probably costs more then the minivan....  This is my car! I could tell it was Michigan by the rust.  I feel like even the rust is completely intentional.  
This really made me smile. isn't this...dangerous? Not gonna lie... That's alot of awesome right there. How hard is it to see out the back? And I wonder if it's legal in Oregon X. O I love seeing old movie props like this.  She's got rust in the rear.  [Aluminum falcon?](https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/5515827968/hD20B92DC/) Milliliter Falcon? That's a small fucking bird. I got excited over the Michigan plate......just like the other Michiganders that noticed!

 Someone needs a new rear hatch Where does one get rust like that? I used this quote to describe my $1500 PC inside a $35 case Hell yeah! Yippee ki yay. I can smell the inside of that from here. Did you modify it to be fast and/or handle well? I have a bumper sticker on my car that says "My other car can do the kessel run in less than 4 parsecs" Only if they listen to Rush. All Rush, all the time. No exceptions.  I love how backing up is the only solution in cats' "I fucked up" manual.  [In reverse it is a story of freedom.](http://i.imgur.com/jxTT1RQ.gif) I like to imagine he thinks he stepped through a portal.

"Oh my god, now it's EVERYWHERE." She looks at the camera like, "You gettin' this?" Step 1: Place face in cup

Step 2: **FUNKY MOONWALK** Hi, I'm Cat. Welcome to Jackass! The cat is backin' up, backin' up, backin' up, because its daddy taught it good. Sometimes i wonder how cats survived natural selection Why do cats do this? 
Cat: "I'm going to back up. Well, that didn't work, guess I'll keep backing up." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39IZIbmQPzA Omg i know this cat! Her name is Coco and it lives in ohio! Cocos owners are awesome people.  [here's the video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qsUPLZdY-I) Not to be Debbie Downer, but a lot of skunks die this way -- they get their head stuck and can't get free, and starve. Yoplait even added a rim to the bottom of their yogurt containers so paws would have something to grab onto and push it off (Yoplait containers are particularly bad because they're more narrow at the top).  Just don't do it in front of that fireplace Well they do say, "curiosity killed the cat"  this is one of the best cat gifs ive ever seen. thank you It's like the cat looks at camera and is saying "Ready, ok go" then dives in. I swear I heard him say "Hello I'm cat, and this is Jackass." Yet another video that was needlessly turned into a thumbnail of a GIF. This really needs an "ABANDON THREAD" added to it Cats only have to be smart enough to outsmart their prey. Their prey is birds and small rodents.

I say this as a person who grew up with cats and currently lives with 2. Cat was found on Mars too but.. It kinda looks like they were trying to seduce the cat, with the rug in front of the lit fire place and offering her a drink.  I think the cat did the right thing and got the fuck outta there before the freaky stuff started. CatBrain.exe has stopped working. ;_; The way the cat looks at the camera beforehand is the best..

*So...you just want me to put my face in there? Ok, seems simple enough...* Curiosity and cats **always** seem to mix.

FTFY Are you recording?

Ya?

Ok ready for upvotes, here I go! Cat "What is this sorcery?" And then it suffocated and died. Good. One less fucking cat. I love how they always lose their shit and walk backwards. Well you know what they say about curiosity and cats, right? ...if so, please tell me... Cat is dumb I feel like this is the video in reverse. 'you recording?' "Hi, I'm a cat, and this is Jackass" That looks like Western cream cheese. That stuff is delicious.  I would stick my head in a cup of it if I could too. YOU BETTA BACK IT UP!! Reminds me of the moment when your trying to get the last drop of water out of your cup, but them ice decides to avalanche into your face.  Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought him back! Add some nope to that gif Not going to lie... I was really hoping for the fire. [Curisosity and neurotoxin](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOYyCHGWJq4) I watched the .gif and laughed. I then proceeded to say "Stupid cat". What am I doing with my life? He's like, "Are you even recording? Okay good." this kills the cat. Ever heard the saying "Curiosity killed the cat"?  I knew exactly where this one was going but it almost brings me to laugh-tears anyway. That cat has amazing spatial awareness.  He manages to turn just before he would hit the table while he's freaked out and backing away. The catwalk backwards. Classic cat behavior. Siigi's is the best yogurt. I'm really trying not to laugh out loud while my fiance studies. 

Also:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d0uUFw5ggM Au contraire. [This must be the same cat.](http://i.imgur.com/RvbXt5a.gif) That is the first cat I have ever seen moonwalk. hey im Steve and this is jackass I'm a bit worried as to how you got a .jpg to move. Well it is the leading cause of deaths in cats. Satisfaction brought it back  Hence curiosity killed the cat "Look! I just do this once." Well Curiosity did kill the cat Moses filmed this, thats how old this GIF is.  http://gifsound.com/?gif=http://i.imgur.com/3Y3DJGM.jpg&amp;sound=http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv=qd6UI6wEIsU&amp;start=32 well.. curiosity did kill the cat NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE The real story is actually sad. There was glue on the cup :( Brb, forgot how to cat. "YO, I'm Mittens, and this is Jackass!" My brothers cat jumped onto the sink and fell into the sink full of water, pulling the curling iron in with her. Needless to say, there was no satisfaction to bring her back. Cue bane voice Cats don't mix with anything. Have you been to the internet before? It's all fun and games until the cat runs into the fireplace Siggi yogurt!  I can see why the cat wanted it. I guess we first learned this with Schrodinger... "Hey, check this out...." Stupid fucking cat. There is a genetic mutation (an evolution, in my opinion) of cats where they won't back up and solve the problem, but many cats will keep backing up.

Basically, there are smart and dumb cats. Test yours to see which you have! Nope nope nope nope Of course as curiosity usually does lead to death for the cat. :( This kills the cat. Curiosity seems to always kill the cat :/ Poor baby. Shit, where's the video of that guy who gets scared by his coworkers every day?

[Ah, found it.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfQ4t2E7iAU) http://imgur.com/2Y1Aon5 If I could get away with hiding in a box for x amount of time...work would be so much more fun. Here's the [video.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu80TPja2OY)  These are a couple of guys who work at my local liquor store. If this is how we react naturally to being startled, how the hell have we survived this long?  Is the flailing of limbs and high pitched girly-squeal (I assume) supposed to scare the predator away? Or is it supposed to fall down laughing, thus rendering it incapable of attacking? Because that's what I would do. http://i.imgur.com/xkfMH.gif Annnd JAZZHANDS! BAAAHHHHHHH YOU'RE FIRED!  i did this to my daughter once and she burst into tears Spaghett! I had a Spanish teacher that warned us to never do this to anyone over the age of 50/the elderly. He had a friend when he was about 4-5 that jumped out from a bush to scare his grandmother as she was walking up to the house. She died and Christmas that year was quite sad  As much as I find it funny, I would hesitate before doing that sort of prank, what if the poor guy has a heart attack? Holy crap I know those dudes! This place is called Colonial Wines. It's in Little Rock! "supplies!" said with an Asian accent Abita Strawberry! I love that beer and understand why so much is stacked up on the wall! "...and that's why I'm unemployed again." It sucks that this is our reaction to surprise. For the sake of society it is much better than aggression but still seriously unfair that my body turns me into a little girl when frightened. All it needs is someone to photoshop Beaker's head onto his body... Most people have a fight or flee response, but this guy has a stand-still-and-scream response. I did something similar awhile back https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10151446013499346&amp;set=vb.516909345&amp;type=3&amp;theater Lol, he went full gay t Rex. Awesome!  I hope my employees never make me have that reaction on video, he instantly bunched his panties with jazz hands. Fuckin epic. OP is mistaken, my boss looks nothing like that.  I was expecting the stack of boxes. When I worked at Guitar Center we could take empty boxes and make them look like a stack like that. It wasn't uncommon to wheel a stack of misc merchandise in a stack out to the floor for the departments to get put away. So we have the empty stack with someone in it, we pop them up on the two wheeler and wheel them out to the department. 

These guys usually didn't like to get to the boxes right away. We're talking about GC here, so these were like mostly 19 year old pot heads who just wanted to play drums at work. Anyhow, the guy or gal in the box would start to slowly move around... change where the stack is etc. We would watch from a safe distance... anyhow the person being tricked would start to get weirded out at first, trying to decide if the boxes had moved. Eventually, the person jumps out and scares the hell out of the other guy... it was always a real riot. This was almost as fun as "warehouse hide and seek" until one guy decided to climb into the rafters and hide **on top of** my office and fell through the drop ceiling. Those were the days.... You mean, scaring the shit out of your ex boss. This looks fake to me.  Anybody have a link to source? It's been a long time since I've actually laughed at something on /r/funny.  Well done OP.   *former boss FTFY Calling /u/amnerika your content has been successfully reposted He no longer works there  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH oh. You're fired.  Goodbye. You know that's been his greatest fear for years; that somewhere in that warehouse, a serial murder is hiding from the police, eager for his next kill. This man has been tormented for years by his own psyche.

He probably had a heart attack. I use to scare the shit out of a coworker at a prior job, every day......

Turns out she was a crack head, and I pushed her over the edge. So she quit and ended up going to rehab.  ..or [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO1PJZCKgNQ) could have happened. I can actually *hear* this gif. aaaaaaannnnnnddddd... you're fired. Years ago, like 1984-85 working at TRU, I would wait for a cute co-worker to go inside the storeroom.  I would then walk quickly to the nearest storeroom entrance, find the aisle across from where she was then crawl underneath and grab her ankle.  Great fun playing "Aliens" but you can never do that nowadays. You're fired in 3...2...1... WAS EXPECTING THE STACK OF 3 BOXES TO MOVE!! was startled by a video in which i knew what was coming.  Godbye job! I do believe this is at a Binny's Beverage Depot. Reminds me of someone... http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/How+I+feel+hiding+in+bushes+in+Far+Cry+3_29a957_4330102.gif  The term living shit sounds weird to me. Haha I've done that. I work in a hunted house Staged as fuck.  I think I only would have laughed harder if one of two things happened:

1) The boss punched the employee in the middle of the "fight or flight" response or,

2) The boss fell and had a heart attack..... but then I would feel really bad after http://imgur.com/Cj9S91K Still waiting for someone to post the video of the black guy getting interviewed and knocking the guy out in the recycling bin behind him into this thread.  "AAAAAAAAAAA I STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY HANDS!!!!!!" fuck the damned gif. where is the video so I can hear that delicious little bitchy scream :-) hehehehe
 If someone ever did that to me I would immediately drop to the floor and fake a heart attack. The person would be scared shitless thinking they are possibly going to prison for causing a death! jokes on you, bitch! This is why the unemployment rate is so high. [Dude's lucky his boss isn't black.](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view6/2267502/never-scare-a-black-guy-o.gif) The human version of red panda being scared.  Guess who's cleaning the toilets now! About time someone made this into a gif.  Thanks...needed the laugh today. That's not my boss Jazz hands. The arm flap. That face at the end of the gif: "GTFO you're fired." I feel like it should be a general rule on reddit to post the video to all these awesome GIFs. 

I, for one, would love to hear the audio and watch the full video. Raptor Boss Mode Engaged I like how at the end he's just like "oh..." We do this at work. Whenever we have to take a fridge to the floor from the back, one of us will get inside the fridge box and start shaking it when people walk by.  + as That's a classic freaked out look he gave for sure. I love it and am happy you didn't get punched in the face. Hope the boss has gotten his balls out of his throat by now too. dat man is scared.  Scaring the shit out of that promotion... Ahh this is funny. Hits the spot.  should be "scaring the living shit out of your ex-boss".   Sauce? Heart attack coming up in 3...2...1 Did they get promoted when he died of a heart attack? Had a co-worker try that on his boss,  Fist to chest before he even finished the yell.   Even funnier than we expected. And Billy was shortly fired afterwards. Wasn't this on the front page a week ago? Or am I in the twilight zone Should be titled How to potentially get punched and fired by your boss. Still pretty fucking funny! XD I just love it when this happens to people who find it funny to scare other people: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r84r4gMmRf8 Heart Attack? I couldn't live with myself if I killed someone while laughing. ...and now looking for a new job.  that's awesome! [Sometimes that prank has unintended consequences](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XRjcKiAyto) I can totally hear the screams when I watch these. Abita!  :)  It makes me happy. Drink Abita! Look at all that Purple Haze! jackass in a box I would be way too wary of scaring a man over 50 in case I gave him a heart attack and killed him. That probably took 5 years off his life. just glad he didn't break that delicious abita strawberry behind him. mmmmm Not good for the ol heart This makes me want to go work for the casting couch guy so I can disguise myself as a black leather sofa and surprise him at an awkward point.  Probably now former boss.  Also known as: Mike's last day at work Look at all that strawberry beer. Yummmm yeah my boss is a retired senior drill sergeant from back when they would beat the shit out of you. things would go differently in that situation for me. I was hoping to see spaghetti shit shoot out of his pockets toronto raptors jacket thats not my boss Thats at the Abita Brewery I think Wonder if he got fired ummm...your fired.. Im more interested in what happened next. 'Your fired!' Maybe? From a young age I decided that I would never react in such a way. If I was about to die would I really want that ^^^^^ to be my last few seconds on this earth. I've jumped before, stepped back, or had my eyes go wide but never anything else. Let's see how I do in the long run. This guy has guts to scare his boss. I'd be too worried about getting fired or sued or something... Best way to get fired Seems like a good idea to me Hahaha!! That face! The guy at the end: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CT96pj56Xw
 wait did he actually poop himself? I did this to a coworker once and he pissed himself.  I hid in a pallet box, a box the size of a skid and 3 feet tall, and put it down at the elevator.  I then paged the guy working upstairs that he had a pallet by the elevator and he came down and got it a couple minutes later.

When we were half way out of the elevator, I jumped out shouting, "ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!"  He jumped, pissed his pants and cussed like you wouldn't believe.  

Luckily for him, I had a pair of spare shorts in my locker that he could keep.  I say keep because I know he was going commando under them the rest of his shift.

The worst prank was caking up baby powder in a girls equipment fan on a muggy day and when she flipped the switch, she was instantly Casper. Not even kidding I worked there over the summer...
It's called Windfall Market and is located in Falmouth, MA Does your boss have alopecia? Carl??? That is hilarious!
I wish I could have heard the fright! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Lh47WtOJeY More like scaring the tampon out of your boss ;)
 *former boss ABITA! The next gif from OP should be "Getting fired for scaring the living shit out of your boss" gotta check his pants after that one
 Lame. How to lose your job in 2 seconds! OhMyGawd! His face! Priceless! I used to jump out of the cleaning closet whenever someone walked by when I worked at Togo's as a teen. I feasted on fear. Abita Strawberry! Yum! Alternate ending

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1hYDYrdiYX8&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D1hYDYrdiYX8 /r/peoplegettingscared way to go /u/ThePeanutBuddha for having the 2nd and 3rd post on /r/funny [Startled Baby](http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v350/Valinor/GIFs/9nYhJ.gif) grew up so fast! How hilarious! I wonder why it's naturally instinct to raise your arms and shake them, because I do that too!  What's he like normally? Is he a blow hard? Flip coins in here too! How to get fired I laughed very hard. Nothing is funnier then scaring people That's not my boss. *Getting Fired. I spy Abita beer! Delicious! Omg this is awesome
 Awesome!

The way he clenched his fists and shook... I laughed out loud for a few good minutes watching (and re-watching) that. I remember I was sitting in the break room at work with the lights off because I had a headache. Boss walks in, goes over to the sink without turning on the lights.

"Hey, Kerri." 

"WAGH!" *Foam cup of water thrown at me in the darkness* ABITA!!!! Was this in Louisiana? How do these guys not get punched in the mouth ? Jazz Hands of Fear how to get fired 101 The sound he made while bursting from the box must have been equally scary. You can see his threat level skyrocket from complete calm through the roof to potential fight. Legends say he's still cleaning toilets to this day... god, what a puss Mmmmmmm... Abita beer. Your boss kinda looks Like Chief Unser from SOA Colonial?  I frequent this liquor store.  Pretty sure it's real... ...and Mike was fired shortly thereafter. You're fired... after I remove my undies from my anus. SQUIRREL TACTICS!!! SHI-SHA!!! Then you get fired for wasting time...  I have been watching this loop over and over and over again, just laughing myself silly. This has got to be in new orleans. there is a ton of abita beer in the background Is your boss John Malkovich? Priceless. Good thing he doesn't have a black boss :) Awwww yes! Mutha fuckin Abita Beer! Are you now unemployed? How's unemployment going?  Your now ex boss? Your boss has tapeworms and still works? Damn. Enjoy getting fired, OP. Abita! So this is the best that a 14 year old can come up with? Source, for what it's worth

http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=9a1_1380266397 Should I be worried that I enjoyed this so much? thats Abita stacked up right behind him!   ....i work at a beer/liquor warehouse
 "SPAGETT!!" Dude is lucky his boss didn't have any military or martial arts training that kicked in.

He was within arm's reach. Someone with quicker reflexes and a better sense of self-preservation would have knocked him the fuck out before he finished standing up. Upvote for the username /u/ThePeanutBuddha cause it had me loling hard Is it just me, or does /r/all become shittier and shittier? Second top rated post is a meme. That reaction is gold TIL My boss screams like a 5 year old girl. [deleted] [deleted] http://i.imgur.com/qtPtGNH.gif I can just hear him jumping out and yelling, "FAAAAKE!" This is what we call a pre-reddit repost. I think this rhyme predates indoor plumbing. The top two are sweet,                 
But my heart is numb;                              
Cause the one I love most,                        
Is "I Suck Bum"                         I also like bum. Some come to sit and think  
Others come to shit and stink  
I just come to play with my balls,  
And read the bullshit on the walls Took me a while to figure out why the last rhyme didn't work. It doesn't rhyme for us Brits. \*Unless you're in the North of course. Here I sit same as ever.

Took a dump, pulled the lever.

The toilet clogged; the water flowed.

Look out world, it's a mother load. Reminds me of one my father used to tell me whenever I called from the bathroom for more toilet paper: 
'Here I lie in stinky vapor
 Because someone stole the toilet paper
 I cannot wait, I cannot linger
 So watch out ass, here comes my finger'

Btw. /r/dadjokes may also enjoy your post.  Used to be pay toilets back in the day, the rhyme was 'there I sat broken hearted, paid a dime but only farted, second time I took a chance, saved a dime and shit my pants' This is so fucking old I think I first read it in Sanskrit does that say "I suck bum"? "I suck bum" Being German, I like this one: "Wie Adolf Hitler sitz' ich hier, die braune Masse unter mir."

English: "Here I sit like Adolf Hitler, the brown masses under me." Those who write on bathroom stalls

Roll their poop in little balls.

Those who read these words of wit

Eat those little balls of shit. In my school bathroom, one of the stalls reads "Here I sit all broken hearted, tried to shit but only farted..." (in other handwriting) "Nah nigga I took a shit". Had a good laugh Spotted this one in an interstate bus route toilet as a kid: "Here I sit, broken hearted, came to shit but only farted. Bus is leaving, mustn't linger. Fuck it all I'll use my finger." I suck bum.... Beautiful rhyme. doesn't work quite as well in an english accent (northern accents don't count as english, they're more dialects. at least from what my southern ear can make out) My moms boyfriend said that at work someone wrote on the stall "if you take a shit  put it back" "**I suck bum**" 3rd verse
Got up from my desk
walked straight for the door
but I was too late
as it rolled out on the floor.

The teacher said 
Billy what do I see
I said, Can't stop now
Still gotta Pee. -Suck Bum Or you sat down in the bathroom stall and as you were trying to take your daily dump, a light bulb went off. You had been wondering for weeks how to gain link karma, you dreamed of one day submitting a front page worthy post. 


You remembered the Sharpie in your front shirt pocket, you take it out and you start to laugh. "This will definitely make the front page!" You begin writing on the wall and you get half way through the rhyme when a fellow student walks in. "Marcusnuccio are you alright in there? You've been in here for half an hour! This group project isn’t going to do itself!" "Yes, I'm almost finished up, I had some Chinese food last night that isn't agreeing with me, sorry!" The moment you finish speaking you let out a thunderous fart, your classmate is convinced and leaves the bathroom. "I always knew farting on command would come in handy one day, no one will stop my quest for link karma!" As you’re half way through the rhyme you notice your sharpie is running out. Crap what will you do? Will you take the risk of venturing back to class and borrowing another sharpie? Or will half this rhyme be good enough for you to get front page karma?


You decide to venture back to class and ask to borrow a sharpie from one of your fellow classmates. Ten to fifteen minutes go by and you leave again to go to the bathroom. As you sit down on the toilet seat you realize you need to make it more believable. You decide to write the second half differently to make it look like someone else wrote the second half of the rhyme. “Ah yes, this will surely hit the front page now!” You take out your phone and snap a picture of it.


You get back to class and you decide it’s time to post this to reddit! You take your phone out of your right front pocket and you visit imgur, but imgur isn't loading. "Gah! Cmon imgur! I need my karma!!!" You try again to browse imgur on your phone but again it fails to load. 


Class ends and you begin to run home bolting down the halls, weaving between groups of people. You head to the parking lot to your car and realize that you forgot your car keys in class. “Gahhh, what else will go wrong?” You run back into class and you see your car keys sitting there, you grab the keys and bolt it like Usain Bolt back to your car. You put the keys in the ignition and back out of the parking lot. “Yes, I’m only minutes away from the front page now!” 


You arrive at home and turn on your computer, but your stomach begins to rumble. When you open your pantry and see a box of Froot Loops!  Those will do! You head back to the computer and notice it’s on, but first you email yourself the photo from your phone. You wait there frantically tapping on the keyboard refreshing your inbox. The email arrives and you promptly upload it to imgur and _finally_ submit it to /r/funny.
 Needs to be sung to the tune of "Back in Black". Push the button, pull the chain, out comes the little brown choo-choo train My favorite in the same theme.....

Here is sit so broken-hearted, paid a dime and only farted. Somebody should make a subreddit where people post all the humorous things that people write on bathroom stalls. I have always wondered how that ended.  For university students they conjugate verbs like shit... In middle school we had a limit on how many times we could get a bathroom pass. I remember a kid wasting one of his when he only had to fart. How far should you test a fart before you chose to go? Is the past tense of shit not shat? Or is that a British thing?  Am I the only one who reads this in the tune of this song? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vf3ZE7CLg0 I suck bum?......er.......what? Isn't all of Reddit the equivalent to graffiti on the bathroom wall? What about "Here I come to sit and think but all I do is shit and stink."? 

Also, I personally like the "I suck bum" written below the rhyme. That was beautiful

http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-oJG6vO7i7D0/Ub_G-m6-C0I/AAAAAAAAC2c/Oy7mwEPBumM/s1600/crying.gif I'm a little disappointed nobody has formed a rhyming couplet out of the "I suck bum" on the bit of tape.  Perhaps insert the following above:

"Tell yer mum
I suck bum."

 I feel like Reddit should contribute a third verse.  Calling all poets! I suck bum doesn't rhyme......oh I see it. "I suck bum" You can't help but wonder if things like this actually happen... The second part is much funnier if you read it in Gilbert Gottfried's voice. I saw that exact writing, but when I saw it the second verse hadn't been added.

I have a feeling I saw it at The University of Melbourne, but I could be wrong... I've been to 3 unis in Melb. ala 1970's  Beautiful poetry ITT Redditor Daily Issues Ante esta fría pared 
Labrada en piedra
Lloraba mi triste culo
Lágrimas de mierda  Who saves his fart for class? Implausible.  Didn't see this one in the comments. The opposite of this rhyme really...

Here I sit,
All broken hearted,
Came to Shit,
But only farted. The rhyme has probably been there since a time before your parents birth. Benson hall? I suck bum "I suck bum" 

 Some come here to sit and think; others, to shit and stink. Me? I come here to scratch my balls, and read the writing on the walls. I'm sure the janitor who had to clean that off found it just as funny as you did. Here I lie in Stinky Vapor

Because some Bastard stole the toilet paper

Shall I lie or shall I linger

Or shall I be forced to use my finger I suck bum SHAT Those who write on bathroom walls,

Roll their shit in little balls.

Those who read these words of wit,

Eat those little balls of shit.
 People who write on bathroom walls
Roll their shit in little balls
Those who read those words of wit
Eat those little balls of shit If you're curious about the proper melody for this rhyme: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-QMXjd-Ltw

Hilariously, the third line in the real song is "I couldn't see the writing on the wall." Being British meant I took a long time to figure out how chance and pants rhymed It didn't make sense until the "I suck bum" part. Now I get it. What...Chris De Burgh has actually started to write decent lyrics? in the days of old

when nights were bold

and toilets were not yet invented,

you left your load

on the side of the road

and then you left contended.

**my dad is a fucking poet.** TIL my thinking voice is British but my speaking voice isn't.

^^^or ^^^I ^^^just ^^^fake ^^^the ^^^American ^^^accent I think my favorite I ever saw was:

In days of old when knights were bold

and condoms weren't invented,

you wrapped a sock around your cock,

and babies were prevented. I suck bum. Since we're dredging up (so to speak) old toilet humor, here's one from an outhouse wall in the era of Nixon's presidential reelection campaign:

Don't change Dicks in the middle of a screw.
Vote for Nixon in '72! Shit my pants I did I did
But hid the stain
with books THAT COST ME A FUCK TON OF MONEY. 
Can't return them now... I saw the first sentence once when I used the home Depot bathroom. I laughed so hard when putting my pants back on, I shit myself again. Half went on the toilet, half back in my pants, to which, inevitably rolled down my pant leg. I suck bum I laughed hardest at "I suck bum". I rushed back here with a tear, 

To hurriedly clean my rear.  Is this from Queens College? The last lines of this I learned were "the time has come, I must not linger. Watch out asshole, here comes my finger." My mom used to say this to me. Well the first part.. She wasn't big on nursery rhymes... Dunno why but I read this to the tune of "You've Got to Hide Your Love Away." "I suck bum" 

Awesome. "I suck bum" is not a rhyme. Isn't the original this: "here I sit broken hearted, payed my dime but only farted, next time I took a chance, saved my dime but shit my pants"? with undies full 

I tried to sneak

but when I stood 

I sprung a leak My freshman year of college.  I was sitting in my dorm room when my roommate walked in.  I looked at him and asked, "Hey Bill, shouldn't you be in psych right now?"  

He took a deep breath and said, "My dad told me never to force a fart."  He then stoically walked into the bathroom.  The shower turned on shortly thereafter. May be old, still funny though I can't stop laughing at this. Toilet humour will never not be funny.  "I suck bum" doesn't rhyme. "Uni" I like that NAU? o cloacina!

goddess of this place,

look on they supplicants with smiling face.

quickly, let thy offerings flow,

neither rashly swift, nor insolently slow.


--Byron *People who write on shit-house walls*

*Wrap their shit in little balls*

*People who read those words of wit*

*Eat those little balls of shit*
 I SUCK BUM Here I sit broken hearted
Paid a dime and only farted
Next time I'm  Never gonna give you up
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you The one above it really missed it's chance at an a-b rhyme scheme. Hell, it's even got syllable symmetry.

Here I sit,

Broken hearted.

Tried to shit,

Only farted. THOSE colors are [also] everywhere! ART I'm in a hurry, and no tp.

Alas I have somewhere to be.

Still no time to sit and linger,

Look out ass here comes my finger. Missed the middle verse:

Oh well, what the hell
At least I can still enjoy the smell too too old
 Dad's bar's mensroom has had this (minus the class part) on the wall to your left as you sit shitting, slightly up, just underneath the poem about Brenda Ice being a dyke (she was the first 'out' lesbian in my tiny hometown) and to the right of an 'Atlanta GA KKK was here '92' since he opened the bar in the late 80's. So here i sit in misty vapors

for someone stole the toilet paper

how much longer shall i linger?

before I'm forced to use my finger. [holds nose]

Gee, first we have pun threads, and now we have poem threads. /r/im14andthisisfunny  The original: "Here I sit broken-hearted, paid a dime and only farted. Next time, I took a chance; saved the dime and shit my pants."
(public toilets used to be pay-per-use) 2/10 does not rhyme

would not quietly sigh at again Here I sit, hands in lap
trying hard to take a crap &gt; I suck bum Oh lord from the depths I cried thy name!

why must I endure this shame? Funny how these stick in your head from reading them as a kid, one that always comes to mind for me is, "here I sit in fumes and vapor, someone stole my toilet paper, not sure how much longer I will linger, before I am forced to use my finger" Heard this when I was 8, in 1984. 

My Dad told it to me. 

His Dad told it to him.  Drawn by /u/temlat: http://i.imgur.com/mb9l6o1.jpg the guy who put "i suck bum" thats pretty much the same as taking a shit on the mona lisa. That last bit is missing "drenched in rum" Then one day, I took a chance. Tried to fart, but shit my pants. They make a dollar,
I make a dime,
So that's why I shit
On company time Brilliant. "Here I come to sit and think.
Where others come to shit and stink."

-Anonymous Urinal urinal on the wall, why did I not pick a stall. As I peed I passed some gas and shot a turd out of my ass. JMU? I've seen the top half here... This is seriously in every stall I poop in on my campus. STAHP IT. This is on the wall of almost every shitter I have ever used sinc joining the military 7years ago. Better than 90% of the stuff on the radio I remember writing this on my grandpa's outhouse in 1965. First line is missing "All," it messes up the rhyme pattern.  Once, in a construction site port-a-john, one clever wordsmith wrote: "Mexican escape route," and drew an arrow pointed down the shit hole. Racist, but I still laughed. Band aid says I SUCK BUNG. Laughed way too hard at this Do you go to Marquette? Haha swear I saw this same thing in the girls bathroom in LL Should of been "shat my pants." Not only does that tense fit better, but you get the added assonance of the "shat" and "pants." I found this piece od art written on toiletpaper on the WOA (festival).
do you know where this is from? The first part is actually a poem by Lew Welch called "Graffiti" very interesting piece from the cut-ups, collage, beats era of writing. Here I sit / cheeks a-flexin' / Giving birth / to another Texan **STOP WRITING ON THE WALLS YOU FILTHY ANIMALS!** DAE le poop shit farts xDDD ?? LE poop jokes!!! Poop!!! xD farty farty fart! http://i.imgur.com/KWF4Ilq.gif Let me educate you:

A University is made of many Colleges!

Medical College, Law College etc..

There is No Such thing as uni, it's called a University! Get it!

What you probably are going to is a school for idiots who are too old for High School and still failing!  
 *shat In the British Columbia construction shitters in response to all the eastern workers taking our Olympic work from us:

Here I sit

Asshole a hurtin'

I just shat out

Another Albertan i remember seeing this exact thing at Ft Gordon, Signal School. Was this in Ft. Gordon? i saw almost the exact same poem yesterday while taking a dump..is this at berkeley? Beavis and Butthead did it. "Those who write on bathroom walls, roll their shit in little balls. Those who read these words of wit, eat those little balls of shit" McGill U? "uni" you non-North Americans are so fucking weird. In what accent does chance rhyme with pants? Fucking mericans, learn to English. chance rhymes with pants only if you have a 'Murican accent, forsooth This doesn't work at all with an English accent. [This better not awaken anything in me.](http://i.imgur.com/fm3PPT8.jpg) Source:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvVnEjsUp9s "There there... don't cry.  You're not ugly."

-Dog http://imgur.com/Euzn1bA OP is Jesse's lesser known brother Meth Nephew.   so in this case does the peanut butter go on the dog? /r/ladybonersgonecuddly I hope this doesn't awaken anything inside of anyone. He's definitely not manipulating the dog's arm. Dean Pelton approves Jesse? Oh look, a new Adam Sandler movie! Hey, yeah, now that I think about it, how come dogs don't do that for us? How about a little reciprocation here? I think you mean role-reversal. Nice username OP That looks like Seananners
 Shh... There there... No tears... In Soviet Russia, dog pets you.  The LA cuddle companies site went down, their back up is a cuddling with puppies site. Cuddle me!!.......bitch. Dude u are my lost twin holy shit I thought that was me. Dogs have perfect bald heads. You're attractive try putting your dick in its paw tagged as Bestiality  Yeah bitch! Puppies! Best face swap ever. I see your hand moving the dogs paw.  [/r/AnimalsBeingBros ](http://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingBros/) Matt Schaub does need some comforting right now. My own dog and a dog of an elderly friend of my mother used to pet me a little bit while I was petting them too. Just two or three strokes on separate occasions, but it was noticeably different from the way they'd paw at you if they wanted something, they had big smiles on their faces and they looked like they were trying to return the favor for me petting them all the time. It was adorable. There there Matt Schaub. Everyting's gonna be okay. Dat dewclaw.  Ouch. Hopefully you mean a role reversal? Reverse role play...not so PG. I can't unsee that. I want to be this guy now. My cat pets my dad. It's so cute, she won't do it to anyone else, just dad. When he leans forward to pet her she stands on her hind legs and strokes his face and nuzzles his chin. 

She'll crawl into bed between my parents and push mum away from dad, if mum won't move she'll bite her. My cat has serious daddy issues :/ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKqqicz8Ovg Good Guy Greg?!? Something something.. colby returning the favor.. something something. Is that guy moving the leg with his other hand? Don't let him win, Colby everything will be ok, human Evan Longoria? You're the man now, dog! That creeps me out! Until he breaks out the peanut butter Pick up my poop!

Family guy reference  just imagine where that paw has been Reverse roleplay,
with peanut butter. Now you just have to lick your own balls 
 ...until I drop a deuce on the carpet. I don't need to get my nose rubbed into anything. Pet my head BITCH You forgot to post the funny ones. You know, because it's /r/funny. The dog must think your LABIA_LISP is cute.  Wakes up with ringworm. I think something woke up inside me... I wish this show was still on. I think there was just too many cast members poor matthew perry. he just wants to be on TV still Except for running.  You gotta strap those babies down or else you are gonna have a bad time. I'm gonna need some visual clarification before I can fully agree. *cough* As a shirt, I can confirm this. Stupid NBC and the fact that they tease me with awesome shows then cancel after the first season.  Is this supposed to be funny  Stupid. Sad moment when they cancelled it. One of the best shows on TV and they killed it. That's the font I use for my business cards! I'm barely 5 feet tall, so I look like a toddler when I wear oversized shirts... This makes me sad Yes, this certainly sounds like something a woman would say. Shit joke. Moobs don't improve anything. I have boobs but they don't make me look great in shirts ... I am a man, though and that *might* be the problem.  What can I say that the title can't say for itself? where the fuck is squalor- motherfucker is slacking, what show is this? I can disprove this as a fat person. Boobs do not improve running down the stairs. Or running... Or jogging... Networks cancel shows far too quickly these days. Nothing like a girl dressed only in an oversized button up shirt. Have boobs, can confirm.  He looks like Chandler! (from Friends) Can confirm. I'm a girl.  [Definitely!](http://manboobs.co.uk/submissions/latest) Like [jpg](http://i.imgur.com/3wC374U.jpg) DAE boobs?! Le XD How does the cat change direction in the air?  I see the initial jump, which was vertical, but then it travels backwards a good two feet.

Did that cat just double jump?

**EDIT**:  Guys, I know it pushed off the couch.  I've been getting the same message for over nine hours now.  Please look to make sure your comment has not already been posted before you post it.  Not just on my comment, but on Reddit in general.

Like, I love you guys but damn. "...And that's why I have trust issues." See how you like if some woman sticks her head out of a door and says hi, you take a step toward her and then:

20 foot tall monster!!!! /r/StartledCats  Congrats on being the owner of a newly cat piss spotted rug This reminds me of when I was a little kid and I got kidnapped and locked in an abandoned military hospital. I was continually tricked by a mannequin wearing my mother's clothes and then chased by a guy in a lizard mask. Stricken kitten gets a trickin. Wait a minute did that cat just stop in mid air and turn around?  "M-mom is that you? HOLY **FUCK**!!!" RES tells me that I've given /u/ThePeanutBuddha 21 upvotes over time. But this blatant repost from the morning's front page warrants a downvote...tsk tsk. That cat is going to have trust issues... I thought the toy cat was real -.- Repost from yesterday, huh. "I'm going to try and sneak..... OMGWHATWASTHATWARGAGAGBLAAARRGGHHH" This is the most cartoonish real life incident I've ever seen. That jump is just perfect. Siamese kitties are the cutest! OP has a long arm. This reminds me the one day when I tied a balloon to my cat's tail and he thought the balloon was following. He was terrified. From that day on he was scared of balloons... How does he shoot sideways so fast? Does his feet hit something or was that all muscles?  That cat was just expecting to turn the corner and see it's cat friend. Instead it was being assaulted by a freaking green monster. Ha  FUCK. NINJA KITTY. HIDE YOUR KIDS. Cats are ninjas "whoever did that to that poor little kitten needs to be arrested" - my twelve year old sister Is this how you get trust issues, Barry? Yes it is, Other Barry.  This is how trust issues begin You say tricking, I say traumatizing.  Fraidy Cat Otherwise known as, "scaring the living shit out of your kitten." For real though is no one going to ask about that stuffed animal? Trickin' your kitten*  "Hey, it kinda looks like me...OMGWTF" Scared the living fuck out of the poor kitten... I think that's trolling your kitten. That was a hoot. This is why cats have trust issues. Scared for like 1 meter, then attackmode! Can someone slow this down to see it better? Read title as "Tickling your kitten." Leaving disappointed. Kitten's life count: 8 The good ole switcher-oo, classic! I read this as tricking your kitchen... disappointed there was so banging kitchen I like to fuck with my cats like this but am always worried about giving them a heart attack or something. Is that a risk with scaring them like this? http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/052/746/1274028013207.png The way it jumps up then reverses reminds me of the tom and jerry style animations Ah, the chance to play God, with some lesser animal. I love how it starts charging back at the toy at the end :) [r/catpranks](http://reddit.com/r/catpranks) I can't stop watching this... Aww.  That's not nice. ah hahahaha You blew the title. 'Trickin' your kitten' would have gotten gold from me. Hard. Link to source video? I don't understand how someone could downvote this gif... Oh wait, this is Reddit Did that cat just do a double jump? your cat is going to be skittish as fuck  how to lose all trust with your kitten Any you wonder why cats secretly want to murder their owners. I'm still baffled as to why there are so many people in the world that will own a pet, love the pet, then scare the ever loving shit out of it for no reason other than to watch the animal freak out because it has no idea what is going on. That's so mean! Poor kitty There's nothing funnier than seeing a cat jump like that.  For a full second, he is helpless.  Sure, he can spin around, but for that one second, he's helpless. don't be an ass. have a downvote. x-post from /r/PeopleBeingJerks? This was on the front page YESTERDAY. seriously Scarred for life. you sick fuck [Are you... at your wit's end?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2Je1CEPkUM) Child abuse! Nice. Asshole.  Great trick, Ill have to use that sometime. Ah, kitten PTSD. The cutest of all psychological traumas. :) [deleted] I did laugh... When I saw it on the front page yesterday. [](/ItCouldBeMoreFunnyAtMoreThan5FPS) Stupid fucking cat.