 I WANNA BE BATMAN. NO ONE ELSE CAN DO IT. ONLY ME.  I CALL SPIDERMAN  
edit: mom said If you're 40+: these costumes will be **SO RAD**.

If you're in college: these costumes will be **SO, YOU REDDIT AS WELL, EH?**

People who want to be clever: Don't do anything you read on the internet. [It's hard to believe its been almost a year.](http://i.imgur.com/W42LJ.jpg) After Halloween can we have a "Here is me dressed up as a slutty ____!" Megathread?  Can there also be a *Hocus Pocus is the most amazing Halloween movie of all time* mega thread? I'm gonna be Mike from Monsters Inc.

My girlfriend is gonna be Boo. 

We are making our costumes. She is all finished and mine will be done shortly! Where's the scary stories megathread? Gonna be Tobias Fünke, worlds first analrapist. Full blue body paint and everything. Should be wearing less clothes than most girls are in Santa Barbara.  Anyone wanna dress up as the Flash with me and look like we're moving really fast? I love America's enthusiasm for Halloween.  EVERYONE GETS A ROCK.  I'm going as a 1950's housewife after thanksgiving! I'm going as Rasputin. Fake beard, robe, and a dildo in a jar. Slutty penguin.

Room mate's girlfriend.

Wrong fetish in the making. 

  ^(I had to tell someone) Your costume has to be your username... it's the rules.... Going as jasmine, my boyfriend is Aladdin, and our third wheel friend is going as genie. Gonna be awesome!  I'm growing a beard currently and I going to wear a red flannel shirt, jeans, boots, a wool cap and suspenders. What am I? Depends on what I'm holding. Axe? Lumberjack. PBR? Hipster. Maple syrup?  Canadian. I kinda wanna do Seymour and make a Audrey II hand puppet.... My new costume idea is to dress up as a chicken and stop people's way from entering a room. (Cock Blocking). This might be the equivalent of going as Psy last year, but I am going as Walter White, all my hairs are gone, my beard ready and I even managed to find a good heisenberg hat. I will be giving blue candy in a ziploc bac to everyone in the party. I'm going to be Maleficent. I am so fucking excited, I bought the costume today and I'm already practicing the make-up, and make-up is always important. [this](http://imgur.com/mc1meFn) was me last halloween. Can't wait for Halloween. Shame they don't celebrate it here... I always see the most amazing costumes on Reddit. Everyone always hates on the Halloween posts, but I can't wait to see the lengths at which some people will go to impress with special dress and make up. We have fun and make fun of ourselves. I think the Romans would be proud. How will this holiday been seen in the future? I call going as Heisenberg! Called it!  You might also want to link to /r/halloween Figured my costume out. I'm going as the Titanium Toe Nail from Fairly Odd Parents I call quailman from Doug What is the most generic costume? Slutty Heisenberg  Halloween is my birthday! You're all celebrating my birthday even if you don't know it! Well, now you do. Weeeeee!!! Me and my girlfriend are gonna be Hank and Peggy Hill  is it too soon for trayvon... Definitely going as Alex Vause from OITNB, and trying to convince my ex to go as Piper. We're both dudes, and we both resemble the characters. I think it would be hilarious.   First time seeing a mega thread where everyone only has one upvote. Nice! This seems kind of early... There needs to be a costume guessing section. Monk? Or Jedi? Priest? Or child molester? Once, when I was like 8 I really like the Simpsons and so my dad and I made a Duff beer can that I wore. I wore it to this really rich friend of mines Halloween party and won first prize for most original costume. As an incoming freshman in college, it might be time to bring that baby out of retirement. I will be Plank from E,E&amp;E. Easy. Sooooo as a megathread, what are you guys actually going to dress up as? You should always be yourself. Unless you can be Batman. Then be Batman. Osama Bin Laden I'll probably tape a carpet to my skateboard and go as Aladdin, that or go as The Avengers along with my friends. Make carmel covered onions and watch as people think they are carmel covered apples.  What's the best future costume? Mileena from Mortal Kombat. Gonna need a Scorpion. No costume this year, but I will be following around my little brother with a baseball bat.


Ain't nobody stealing his candy this year. Noone else better dress up as link or mega man! Or else! IT'S NOT EVEN *OCTOBER* YET!!! DIBS ON THE JOKER! [Insert Heath Ledger laugh here] Just carry a spoon and say you're a cereal killer.  I'll be Jake, from State Farm. Sorry, don't totally get these mega thread things BUT

Can we get some fantastic pumpkin carving ideas flowing??

BTW I've recently become obsessed with Doctor Who so brownie points (and an up vote of course) for DW related ideas [deleted] VEGETA I'm going to be Jesse. Take kids candy and say "BITCH!" As a ginger with short hair, I'm I have dibs on Fry from Futurama!! :D  Ima dress up as commander Riker! Does anybody have one of those moving Rorshach masks, or know where to get one? The site that sells them is almost always out of stock. Three hole punch Jim. Futurama cast! It isn't even October yet &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; [deleted] As a Brit I am baffled by your interest in Halloween. I am going to dress up as a hipster, hand out apples and call it ironic  This might get lost in the comments section, but I'd like to just make sure everyone knows about /r/HalloweenHelp.  It's a subreddit that helps redditors with suggestions for thrifty costumes, safety tips for the kids, party ideas, interesting recipes, and just all around fun for the holiday.

I'm the mod, so please feel free to keep an eye on us in the next month.  Thanks! Dressing my daughter up as a penguin.  I'm dressing as a sea lion. SEXY SPIDERMAN CHECKING IN. Join us in /r/hauntedattractions for discussion of, for, and by those who scare professionally and as a way of life.  I'll be going as female Sephiroth. Not sexy Sephiroth, just female Sephiroth. I'm going to be Scott Buck (writer for Dexter) and run all the parties into the ground. i think i'm going with alan from the hangover, is kindda old, but suits my belly perfectly I kinda want to dress up as cartman so I can yell at people and do his voice. THIS YEAR IM GOING AS ZOMBIE MR ROGERS Definitely bubbles from trailer park boys, only where to get those glasses?... Doubt anyone will read this, but I want to dress up with my brothers in suits and clown masks handing out candy on our porch from a black bag, surrounded by more duffel bags and stacks of (fake) cash. IMMACOMPUTAH I work at an art studio that does a Main St. Halloween party. I'm going as "The Girl with the Pearl Earring" &amp; my 7 y/o son is going as Munch's "The Scream." I'd just like to remind everyone of [the greatest Halloween-themed video ever.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4IC7qaNr7I) Im 6'5 and super fucking skinny. Imma be Slenderman bitch. I'm going as Marilyn Monroe I'm going as a zombie and my husband is going as my victim. Halloween seems really fun in the US. Its a shame only children 5-10ish tends to dress up and only between 5pm and 8pm. People barely decorates for it. You'll see maybe 2 pumpkins in 100 houses visited. Norway that is. We know what halloween is and we buy some candy for the children, but thats it. Can we get a spouse/couples costume idea thread?  We're so lost... My sons (almost 4) favorite move is despicable me. I'm going to try to get a Gru outfit and my son is going to be a minion. Jokes on him though, I'm going to make him work in the dungeon all evening. muhahahahaha.  One of these two things:

* My two year old is Mario, I'm Luigi, and my girlfriend is Peach

* (If my girlfriend gets too picky about the Peach costume) We're all going as Mario My son is due on Halloween. I need some cool ideas in case he isn't born yet cause my stomach will be HUGE by then. Pictures would help a lot. So is this a mega-megathread? Like a meta-megathread? I just can't wait for the day after Halloween and buy all the discounted candy!  Dibs on table GF and I are going as Wreck It Ralph and Vanillope. Deal with it mofo's.  IF ANYONE ELSE DRESSES UP AS THE CROW I'M TOTALLY GOING TO FREAK OUT Costumes:

Males: anything we fucking wanna be
Females: slutty ______ Hehe. Someone should be a dick. This has become a circlejerk... [deleted] I feel like another thread should be added for misc., people will find something that can go there. Whats the best candy you ever got trick or treating? I call the pirate!!! I already have a fake tooth I can take out and from there all I need to do is get a banana and a eye patch!!! My deranged cat will be my sidekick too I've been rocking the classic ghost for a few years. But the sheets have flowers on them. It works for pulling a Homer Simpson and going trick or treating at any age. Gonna get free candy I'm getting a totoro cloak and am going ad him  Oct 31 is my birthday:) always have gotten extra candy.... I really don't know how I'm going to top Hipster Optimus Prime from last year. I even had bike tires strapped on to be eco friendly.

Closest I've got is "Rave Pirate" but I have mixed feelings. I'm having trouble deciding what to dress up as, especially since I'm a teen girl. Cute or Scary or both? How would I do both. Also it has to be good, my school has the best costume competition and my grade is highly competitive. I call Speed Racer.  Anyone else dressing up as a wall, planning on scaring six year olds? Freakfest anyone? I'm going as The Undertaker :)
Simple costume to make and pretty cheap  I am the dude! No Halloween here, I'm jealous :( I think I am going to go as the Prius because my friends are going as Dirty Mike and the Boyz. Im going to be a fat Heisenberg I want to dress up as Liberace for Halloween. Searched online for costumes but nothing specific. Does anyone have any tips where I could any Liberace costumes (obviously not authentic ones)? Goin as daft punk  This may be the first Halloween where I won't be going trick or treating. I might go to a party. Eugh. As a pseudo-stereotypical idea, my friends and I planned this:

1. A group of hoodlums with a cop behind them.

2. A family tacos being followed by border patrol. Total dibs on Tron.

[Zoom!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1im1to-alnw) Is it ok if I just send my kids as they are. Trust me, they're your worst nightmare No one can come as the scarecrow because thats super lame 

-Satan This, shadowbans, and SRS...

You don't actually want people to talk about stuff anymore do you admins. Halloween is my favorite holiday , but both mine and my boyfriends family isnt doing anything this year ,  and between us neither of us have enough friends to throw a party. No reason to dress up.  Which really sucks , because we would make a fucking sick Ellie and Joel.  I'd like to request some kind of decoration/food ideas thread! Jesus, it's still Oktoberfest and you're already going for Oíche Shamhna?  I think I'll be Esmeralda :)  As a black male halloween is always hard to find good ideas... Everyone wants me to keep being Tyrone Biggum [This would be the best costume ever if you could afford it.](http://youtu.be/fpPJ9iCM9wg) Front page sithis :D Ohh Slenderman, you won't be missed. Oh my god thank you.  All of those stupid costume posts and reposts drive me to insanity. I need a funny costume idea for me and my two year old   Protip: If you're an actor doing a "haunted house" or "haunted hayride", playing a "hanging corpse" make sure that your harness is safe and that there is no way to accidentally hang yourself.  Seems to happen at least once every year... Going as Bill Murray in the movie Space Jam!!  I'm going as an eastern European gym teacher.  Pikachu is on me! :') I started growing my goatee 10 days ago. 

This year, I'm Walter White. My bro and I are going as door-to-door mormons. Theoretically, we tell the people we'll immediately leave for twice the normal amount of candy.

It could work... I have a banana suit, but would like to do something else. How should I change it? Rotten one? I have already done banana phone. Favorite
Holiday
EVER.

Thank you for putting this together! I just had a couple hours booked for me. I'm going to dress up as the Burger King! I will also be purchasing a lot of whoppers and passing them out when walking around town.  What about a decoration thread? Is daft punk still an original idea? I call Bruce Vilanch It's Hallowe'en, not Halloween!!!! Me and a coworker are going as Heisenberg and Jesse in the yellow hazmat suits, respectively (we can dress up for Halloween at my job). I'm even considering ordering blue rock candy to hand out to customers. I'm dressing up as L. I'm disappointed in you for not calling this the Gigathread. I'll be me. 

Everyone is afraid of me :( Halloween happens to be my birthday. I love that I never have to look far for a party on my birthday.

Of course, things tend to be tamer since I have a daughter now. But I'm raising her right. The wife and I are going as Mario &amp; Luigi and the little one is going as Peach. Doing the tenth doctor and Martha with my girlfriend but I am having trouble finding any reasonably priced doctor attire. I can't afford $300. Any ideas?  Puss in boots! Nobody else take my idea, ok? Mega thread 4 : spooky stories  As someone who has never celebrated Halloween, is this how you do it in America? Over a month early you start planning?  Ideas for hilarious couples costumes? I'm gonna be Santa Claus! 

Gonna have some real confused children. If you don't already have an Elvis costume then you ain't nothing but a hound dog A dog! Slender Man. How old is too old to go trick-or-treating? My friend and I had the idea this year to go as a dwarf from The Hobbit, we steadily started recruiting people and now have roughly 7 dwarves (insert pun here) and 2 Hobbits. Plot twist: we are all chicks and yes we will have epic beards. Dress up as a table and tell people you are James Hetfield of Metallica. People will laugh a lot if they get it. Dibs in Gumby!!! If I ha infinite money and time, I'd build a kickass Jaeger and Kaiju costume, set up a styrofoam "city" and play the music while me and a friend go at it. Hint hint those going to cons who can pull this off I'm calling Django. &gt; Note: as is the case with all of our megathreads, we'll be deleting other posts about Halloween

Are you going to cover every possible Halloween topic? What about /r/pumpkins? HALLOWEEN CAN'T COME SOON ENOUGH!!! What are some good ideas for couples costumes?  What's a really simple but funny costume? 
Haunted Kays Cross better than any haunted house or haunted woods or spook alley I've been to.
check it out at  http://hauntedkayscross.com/ The best Halloween party song ever made, awesome video too.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UbGtjnluyY

 When I was a little kid, too many years ago, there was a huge thunder storm going across the entire state (Hawaii). There were flash flood warnings and the roads were very dangerous. The governor held a press conference to "cancel Halloween" until the next night. Fortunately, it was all clear the next day and we got to go "trick or treating." First and last time this had ever happened here. I wanted to do the grayscale costume but I have no one to guide me. I suck at contouring and apparently I have an undiagnosed learning disorder because the women and drag queens on YouTube might as well be speaking Mandarin =( I'm going to be yourney I'm going to be Al Capone this year for Halloween.
 Does anyone have designs for a sweet Vegeta costume?  My girlfriend is going as Little Red Riding Hood, an not in a slutty way either, so I will be going as the Axeman but with some modern additions. 

The party we are at is in a little town north of Sydney, and everyone gets really into the costumes so it's always a laugh at 9am the next morning to see what would look like the costume department of a movie studio passed out in the yard.  Can anyone think of a good costume that starts with the letter B? That's the theme of the party I'm going to and I'm a little lost outside of the obvious "bee/batman/burglar" options. Me and my shorter bigger boned friend are going as Jay and Silent Bob this year. This is gonna be the snoochiest boochiest halloweens ever. I wish my country had Halloween... I also wish I wasn't so stressed I want to be Billy Mays! A creature that roams the world alone. The only threat to human existence, I can only be speaking of ManBearPig. Half man, half bear, half pig, complete terror and he is very real....I'm cereal
 i need a costume idea.. i dont want to buy the whole thing... i have grey/black/navy leggings, grey/black legwarmers.. in case those come in handy.. i am a girl.. average size.. and i need a costume that is not slutty .. but kind of cool/spooky/cartoon.. but work appropriate.. thanks. :)  Im going to be a shark but there are going to be fake legs hanging out so it looks like i'm eating someone Don't have the costume yet, but I want to be Freddy Krueger or a serial killer. I'm going as Daryl Dixon from The Walking Dead.  What are the hottest clubs in New York? Aight i need advice here, my theatre tech group has no idea what to do for a smallish haunted house considering we have such a small budget, and it has to be appropriate for elementary students which makes no fucking sense. Ideas?  Boobs My dead rising 2 looter costume from last year http://imgur.com/XiDFWwO It's not even October yet... Why push Halloween so soon?  Rule#1 You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title. Reported Almost time to scare people's pants off! My son's first halloween, looking forward to making memories. I'm going to be whatever you want me to be Going in a suit. I am someone new every time someone asks be who I am

James bond, waiter, president, NBA coach, chauffeur, eccentric millionaire, etc. Can we have one for scary stories? This is the thread I look forward to most every year.  I'm cheech ! I'm dressing up as Stewie and calling everyone, man, woman or child, a filthy whore as I see them. 

Laughs will be had, friendships might come to an end. 

 My SO wants me to be some guy from gossip girl. And I'll probably do it. Sigh...  [deleted] Oh look, another holiday us Australians don't care about.. Next up: Thanksgiving.  It's time to be a Halloweenie!  Nice job, cramming each individual thread down the throats of /new/, then being nice enough to have the mega-thread with all of 'em linked.

Pick one.  Every year I buy candy, well knowing we never get any trick or treaters. Whats one to do with all that left over candy? Sweeet man I'm flattered you are all doing something like this for my birthday, but there is no need :) Did you forget what month it is? It isn't even October yet. Only time of the year for cosplay is Comicon. El dia del Los muertes.  Does anyone have Link costume ideas that are cheap-ish? Dibs on Captain CANADA!! Am I evil for hating Halloween with a burning passion? As a guy, I never know what to dress up as.  Best Halloween memory was being like 12 and laying on the ground with two girls in my arms. Felt like a baller.  Every year I say, ["This year, I will make this."](http://i.imgur.com/ry6iV70.jpg)

But I never do. :( If everyone could not suck shit and upvote only relevant things that would be awesome. off to a bad start. doesn't this thread violate the subreddit rules:

&gt; 1) You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title. 

Just sayin Good.post I posted this in one of the megathreads, but maybe it makes more sense here:

&gt; I do not like the concept of megathreads. They don't really work with reddit's comment thread format. Maybe it would be better if each parent comment in a megathread were moderated like an AskReddit question (i.e. no answer in parent comment, just a question) it'd make more sense, but overall I don't think they're as good.

&gt; This question [favorite Halloween movies] definitely doesn't make sense as a megathread; an answer can be as short as one movie title because it's so specific. If anything, this should be one of the *parent comments* of the stickied megathread.

&gt; Was there really a problem other Halloweens with too many Halloween related questions??

To add to that, parent comments in the megathread don't move like the reddit front page based on age. Early top voted comments stay top the whole time. Yeah, you could sort by new but then you have to search through the crappy posts for an interesting one. Why do these megathreads usually have fewer posts than regular threads? At what point do they become "mega"? It's not even october yet.  I call Ash Ketchum
*points at girl* "I chose you"!  at the end of the day it really comes down too the fact that the jews are trying to kill all of non jews (or goyim) so that they can re create the world in there image and have the mesia come. its pretty scary shit  I read that as megadeath threats Halloween at UCSB, can't beat it :D I have bought 4 Guy Fawkes masks for my friends and I. Costumes are best when simple in my opinion. Is this a joke?  It's September fucking 25th, wait at least until October. Just stop the megathreads already! Which is the most generic costume? [deleted] I wanna be twerking Miley! Horseman here Will this stop the hundreds of what are you going to be for Halloween posts? I've never been this early to an AskReddit thread....
I think we should do a best Halloween prank/scare thread. That'd be pretty awesome. Here we go.. Time to write my sign, "Sorry, we are out of candy!" And eat the kit kats myself. Alright so I think I'm early enough where no one has asked this, but reddit I have a question. What should I be for Halloween? I'm so excited to watch scary movies even though I get scared shitless and say I'm going to stop watching them. Even AMC Fear Fest looks like it's going to be great this year. Once again, no dressing up just sitting at home and eating candy.
I mean, that's what Halloween's about, right? It's not even October yet... Wait! Why are holding this now? It's not even October! Calm down people!  Why the fuck is this on my front page? ...Haloween is literally a month and 5 days away?!  Why is this even up!? Guys, Halloween is still over a month away IT'S IN MORE THAN A MONTH WHAT IS GOING ON Hmm ima be a vampire, and not one of those gay ones dat sparkle \&gt;adults playing dressup AHHHH!!! I don't know what to say yet My father doesn't believe me when I tell him that I'll be trick-or-treating til I can't walk. It's the only reason I want a kid. Doesn't it seem a bit early for this? It's not even October yet... It's not even October yet. It isn't even October yet, you're kind of jumping the gun. maaaann, fuck halloween. Mugs. Where do they all come from!? Boxers. Every Christmas I get another pair of Christmas themed boxers. I have enough Christmas boxers that it is "always Christmas in my pants." My husband is a nurse. There are little rolls of medical tape everywhere is our house. In drawers, on counters, in the bathrooms, in closets, in the car... Fucking EVERYWHERE.  I don't remember the last time I bought a calendar, but they're there.  PLASTIC GROCERY BAGS. Panties, tons and tons of panties. I live with my wife, 3 daughters-(4,4, and 9), and Mother-In-Law. When I was a lad I would have thought living in a house knee deep in panties would be much more exciting. Condoms. They love to hand them out for free in college. I assume this is really exciting if you're getting laid. But if you aren't, they just kind of pile up... Chopsticks.

Edit: I don't even eat Chinese food that often, maybe twice a year, but I have a ton of chopsticks and I have no idea where they came from. Copies of *the Hobbit*. I remember stealing my parents' copy when I moved out, and then a friend brought me a German version, but that only accounts for 2 out of the 4 copies... Pens. From the bookies, from the banks, from work, from everywhere. I have hundreds. Koozies. Pretty sure I just pick them up as I see them through the night. I wake up and I always have a new one in my purse.  Bath &amp; Body Works gift sets.  I don't use body spray or lotion that much. I kind of regret telling people which scent I liked best, because now I have like 12 bottles of one body spray.  At least before I got some variety. Okay, so I don't have them anymore, but way back in grade school there were these erasers sort of like [this](http://www.pcrush.com/images/hi-res/502896.jpg) except that they were all manner of different colors with varying faces printed on the front, and there was a little machine at the entrance of our school that sold you a pack of 4 of them for a quarter.

Somehow (probably through being bored at school) it got to be that a bunch of the kids at my school were roleplaying as generals and that these little eraser dudes were their soldiers - different colors and different faces denoted different types of soldiers (sniper, demo man, etc). Kids were amassing armies of anywhere from 20-100 of these erasers and just carrying them around in their backpacks, painstakingly removing and setting them up in order to "battle" each other. 

Not wanting to really spend money, but still wanting to participate, I bummed a group of 4 off of one of my friends and started to have small skirmishes with other kids. Eventually it got decided that the winner would be allowed to take some number of erasers for their own army, and so as I was winning I managed to amass more and more erasers - I lost some, sure, but my overall gain was positive. Eventually I had a fairly sizable army (I think around 30-ish) without having to spend any money to get them. I was then able to trade some of my troops for color-face combinations that I didn't yet have, diversifying my fighting force. I don't remember what I ended up doing with all of those erasers, but damn, I didn't learn much that year.

Edit: I just remembered we called them "The Eraser Wars" Guitar picks. Guitar picks everywhere. Those little strawberry candies.

I've never bought them. I know no one who has, yet there are always some in a drawer in my house.

Do they *breed* in there?

Where do they come from? Pint glasses, I have about 50. Paper clips.  I'm an English teacher.  Coat hangers from the dry cleaners... Skillets. I have at least 10 of them I've been given. Which is awesome! I know that my boyfriend has a copious amount of bobby pins that he never wanted. 

EDIT: Wow, I've never been given gold before! Thank you, kind internet stranger! Parmesan cheese and red pepper packets Rubber bands Monster energy drinks. My roommate worked for them and had this massive stack of cans in his room. When he moved he didn't want to have to transport all of them with him, so he left me a ton. 

Thing is, I don't drink energy drinks. So there is just this big stack in my kitchen and when people come over I force a few cans on them. Apparently it is fairly expensive so those who actually drink it are pretty excited to get a bunch of free cans.

EDIT: Holy whoa this blew up. Sorry to say guys but I already agreed to give them to a friend of mine that drinks them on a daily basis in exchange for some ganja. OP can't deliver :[

EDIT 2: [I found a picture! This was my roommate's original haul. I got about half. Some cases were 3x4 (the left stack), some were 4 by 5 or 6(the right stack), so you do the math.](http://imgur.com/ekiLhFB) Regrets. I've never bought them, but I've sure paid for them. I have a drawer full of lighters. Probably about 20. Zippos, Bics, weird ones with cool designs.

I don't even smoke.

EDIT: I just need to note I don't steal Zippos! I'm the girl in my group of mostly males that carries a bag when going out. So I get lighters from all my friends that smoke. If they don't ask, I ain't going out of my way to find out whose it is. If they do ask, it's in my lighter drawer. i seriously don't know where these cats keep coming from.. College shirts. I am a sophomore now and I easily have amassed over 15 shirts from my university. I have no idea how I have gained so many in this span of 1 year. Additionally, they have little use to me besides being used as something to wear when I sleep or workout. Lighters. Also, whenever I buy a lighter, it is almost guaranteed that I won't have it by the end of the day. Lighters are an easy item to steal and lose.  Well, according to my teacher, i have a lot of nerve. Colored Pencils. Even now at age 20, I still get colored pencils and a coloring book for Christmas each year. Thanks, Grandma! FEELINGS, OKAY?! My high school physics teacher has a collection of Mr. Potato Heads sitting in his class room (the last I checked, he was running out of room for them). The thing is, every single one of them was purchased by a student, and I don't think he really likes them that much. Pounds of fat Board games. Seem to be everybody's favorite Christmas present.  USB drives.  Well I've bought one 16gb one but I also have like three 512mb ones and I have no idea how I got them. Soy sauce. My place is a pretty common jam space, and there are an awful lot of guitars and amps here that aren't mine.  Reddit Gold.  
^^^But ^^^not ^^^really ^^^:( Tupperware and other food containers. I never remember getting these yet for some reason I have a lot. Bouncy balls. I worked for a place that had a quarter machine with them. Kids would buy one, bounce it into the void, and I would find it while cleaning. Have 50 or so.. Individually wrapped straws.  Beanie Babies. I have two storage bins stuffed with them. My grandmother used to work at a hospital gift shop, and every time I went to see her, she would have a Beanie Baby for me, right up until she had to retire. She thought I would love them because I'm a girl, and I didn't have the heart to tell her I didn't really care about them. But I still have them, and probably won't get rid of them. They remind me of her :) Coathangers Soaps. I steal soaps like a madman. I have an absurd amount of pens. I'd say close to a thousand in my house. I don't buy them. I don't actively steal them. I don't even write with them very often. But for some reason I have tons of them. I've given a lot away and still have a ton more.   Keychains.  I have to have a dozen or two.  Some are bottle openers, some came when I've purchased vehicles, and some have been promotional stuff from old work events.  Never have I gone into a store and bought a keychain. Dog poop bags (empty ones!).  They're free at my complex and I always grab a couple when walking the dog, in case we run out.  Then I remember we have a bunch at home.

 When I was a young kid we lived in this apartment complex for a few months. One day, I noticed every yard had a tiny flag in it. And I wanted them. So I ran up and down and grabbed every one.

Turns out they were little flags for marking the sprinkler locations for the groundskeepers.

My family realized they couldn't put them back one by one and figure out where all the sprinkler heads were in every yard. SO we just kept them. I remember using them all the time growing up to mark out things like soccer fields in my back yard. Pubes. Pubes everywhere.  I never bought a hooker, but that didn't stop my four daughters. Seriously, cooking sherry.  One day I noticed I had like 10 bottles of it.  I have no clue where they all came from.  I still have so many of them...but it's been useful when I need it for a recipe.  (I suspect a friend...he needed a bottle for a recipe and I didn't have any, then shortly after that I had so much...but why would he buy that much?  Unfortunately, he committed suicide a year or so later so I cannot ask him about this to see if he was the culprit.) Bibles. Cat hairs.  ITT: Where all your pens have gone.  Tupperware. Where does it all come from and why does NOTHING match?! Single-player video games. I have them all around the house because of my laptop. Fucking pens! Blaaaaahhhhhg! You can all have them back! I never wanted this!  Boxes of Jello. I don't know where they come from. I am serious; we have lived here for 13 years, and they seem to multiply. We NEVER make gelatin or pudding. We don't dislike it; we're just lazy. 

It's so bad, when they come collecting for food donations every fall, they get 10-12 boxes of Jello gelatin and Jello pudding along with the rest of the food. I have cleaned out the pantry of ALL boxes, multiple times, and slowly they come back. Mostly flavors of cherry, lemon, and chocolate. The most we had I had counted 31 boxes. Right now I have 8. 

I am the only one who does the shopping (my wife and son are handicapped). I never buy it. And it just shows up one day. It becomes a huge mystery for us, but it's kind of funny, and we make jokes when more boxes show up. 

Latest theory is that some house somewhere keeps losing boxes of Jello, and they are furious. They have some weird teleporting vortex where we're the end point randomly selected by nature.  Weeds in my garden. Towels and blankets, my mom bought me a shit load of them before she died.  Not me, but a friend of mine has a ton of guitars. He hasn't bought a single one of them. He just finds them everyone. Moved into a new house, found one in the attic. One of his cousins gives him one randomly. He doesn't even play guitar o_o. Ear phones. I don't know how I got so many.  Someone please say STDs Dippin Dots. When I was a kid my Dad (in the chemical distribution business) had Dippin dots as one of his customers. We would get sent big ass bags of Dippin dots with dry ice for shipping and keeping them cold enough and have them in the freezer for months. Needless to say me, my siblings, and friends thought this was about the coolest thing ever. Also, I had some Dippin Dots the other day because my nephews had them, and they are still the shit. Even if they are way overpriced.  My aunt received hundreds of boxes of Gillette Razerblades from when she worked for them in the 90s. They are still being distributed along the family with plenty left for another generation Dental floss. Im sure if I trace back my lineage far enough I could find who bought the dental floss in my family. I use it maybe once a year but regardless ill never have to buy any again. Those little Ikea pencils.  Guns.   Sample sizes of lotion and shampoo. The things seem to be multiplying in the cabinet.  When have I ever bought a washcloth?? I literally have 20 (just for me) Pens. There always seems to be one or two that find their way into your backpack each day. pillows. The right half of my closet is pillows. Elastic rubber bands. (Not the hair elastic kind)
I purchase a lot of things online and have several magazine subscriptions. I always get elastic bands around my mail/packages and just toss them into the junk drawer when I open and sort the mail. I ended up with a ziplock sandwich bag filled to the brim with them once I cleaned out the junk drawer. No idea what I'm going to do with them. USB, VGA, DVI, and power Cables, 

My work would get USB mini/micro cables with new cell phones, half of them we received the old ones back the other half said the old one worked fine and they didn't want a new one.  Equally new hardware would come with new cables.  Most of the time we'd just use the old cable instead of the new.  Eventually we cleaned out the storage closet and I took home a bunch of each.

When I cleaned up before moving, I took all but what I needed + a couple spares to the recycling center.  I had a cloth shopping bag full of them.  Not me, but a friend of mine started dating a female cop. She has 17 pairs of fuzzy handcuffs and says "These suck. I wanna hold somebody down I can get some real cuffs." 
 company logo pens from work Pens. I probably have 20 pens on my desk but don't think I've bought one in years  Tennis balls. 5 isn't actually a bunch but no one in my family has ever played tennis so I'm not sure where they came from. Koozies... I think I have like 20 of them, at least, and I just got rid of another 20 a couple years ago. ~20 box cutters. Used to work in retail. I would forget to bring one, get a new one, next day forget to bring one... Bars of Dove Soap.  I haven't bought soap in 5 years.  My ex-boyfriend's mother sends me packages of soap in the mail ALL THE TIME.  I'm not sure if it's a nice thing or a mean thing.... Those absolutely underrated strawberry/watermelon flavored candies wrapped individually. Delicious. But never bought them. SHARPIES
 **Notebooks.**  Somewhere along the way of my painfully bookish childhood, I became "that girl who writes."  And now, at 20 years old, whenever anyone needs to give me a small gift, it's a goddamn notebook.  But I only use a particular kind, so all the gift notebooks end up being donated to Goodwill. toothpaste. I get numerous tubes as stocking stuffers every year... Big thick rubber bands. I eat a lot of broccoli.  Red/yellow/white RCA cables. Only around when you don't need one, which is usually. Taco Bell Sauce. Post it notes. Neither my husband or I have ever bought post it notes, but we somehow have like 15 half used pads. Im really bored at work and read down a bit, I can't believe no one has said lighters yet. I have a metric fuckton of lighters, no idea where they all come from. Its like im a lighter magnet or something.  Weed Air, shit's everywhere  boobs. Underwear Taco bell sauce.. bobby pins..........i finally have a girlfriend again :-) Stationery. Thank you, my job. Hair ties everywhere I am A guy Common sense. I've got quite a bit. Weed, my buddies always come over to smoke it and they just leave it around. I've never once had to buy. Money.

Jk. I don't have much of that lying around :( For all you jew-folk out there (like me), Kippahs/Yarmulkes.  They like multiply in my cabinets... Napkins Polo Shirts.  I work in the restaurant business for 25 years and between the promos and golf tournaments I have never had to buy a Polo Shirt.  About 6 months ago I culled the herd down to about 25 from well over 50.

This also means I do not own a polo shirt that does not have someone's logo on it. Same goes with baseball hats.

Edit: trouble with words never bought a pokemon card but i have about a hundred from grade school. one christmas i got like 7 wallets, haven't bought one since. As a teen, my mother started buying me underwear as a semi-joke gift at Xmas. 
When I turned 30, my new wife took over the responsibility. 
When I turned 41, newly single, I bought my first pair of underwear. I didn't even know what size I wore. 
 Candles, they seem to be a gift for every occasion and my stockpile of candles is over 50.
 Guitar Picks Kids lighters Working at a screen printing company I have more witty tshirts than I now what to do with. Rubber Bands. I have a butt load because of my job. I for some reason cant bring myself to throw them away. Pens and pencils in high school, I would never buy any, and just scout the floors after everyone left for 30 seconds, must have had at least 50 black pens by the end of each quarter. Flash drives, I work IT. Those little strawberry candies, no one has ever bought those things but they're everywhere.  wire/cable ties. I save all the ones from any electronic device I buy in case I need them, they come in handy often I'm waiting for someone to say sex Not something that I've NEVER bought, but I have way more books than I've ever bought. iPod Cables Cologne. My mom's staple "i don't know what to give to my son" Christmas gift! Male pattern baldness. Would gladly return if I could. Koozies and bottle opener keychains. I literally have over fifty of each that I've amassed over the past four and a half years. People keep giving me canvas bags to use when I grocery shop, to slake their own guilt about befouling the Earth.  I don't like clutter in my car, so I've never had one of these bags on me when I've decided to go shopping.  All the canvas bags are stuffed into one of their kind and reside under the kitchen sink.
 China Set Acceleration syndrome - You have your set of china, you inherit your mom's china, both her mom's china, and your mother-in-law's china. Holy smokes! How many hand-wash plates do you need? I have 5 kids, none acquired via financial transaction. Grocery bags hangers Piles ....

Of ... stuff ... just piles of it! Forks. I always find myself pocketing them when I go to dinner.  dog hair, EVERYWHERE! sperm. twist ties. Sexual intercourse Pez dispensers. I'm a geek, and I love collecting Star Wars and Star Trek prop replicas. My dad seems to think Pez is highly collectible and valuable so he keeps buying me the collector sets from Walmart. No dad, I'm not putting these on my shelf next to my ROTJ Vader Helmet.  Return address labels. Wire coat hangers from the dry cleaners. I have way more than I have for shirts. Maybe I'll need them one day when I have a spree of forgetting my keys in the car or maybe I'll end up on hard times and use them to make money performing back alley abortions for hookers. Songs.

I don't think I've ever paid for music. Regrets. White socks. 
I only buy black socks, and yet, white socks. The default Christmas gift for girls you don't know very well is some basket from Bath and Body works.  I have all kinds of like, soap and lotion and other things, the purpose of which is unknown to me, lying around. AOL CDs Little packets of ketchup and hot sauces from fast food restaurants Kids. Kids. Sigh.  Advice. Shits cheap, yo. I sell it for $0.02 if anyone wants some? Cords. Ethernet, usb, coax, component, tons of them. What's worse is I can't bring myself to throw any away due to memories of expensive ass cables from tge 90's... With numerous people working in retail in my household, the amount of box cutters in our house is off the charts. Pets. We have three cats and a dog that has all been gifts/ rescues. Although we may have gotten them all for "free", they most definitely aren't. KY Jelly. 

Based on an unfortunate hyphenation, my last name has two initials, K, and Y. Once my friends discovered this, giving it to me as a gag gift was much easier than thoughtfully considering what I would want for my birthday. 

I have to give it away. I seriously have like 5 or 6 of the containers.  Stuffed penguins. People buy them for me, but I've never bought one myself. I have like 40. Lighters. children? Candles. It's an acceptable lady-to-lady gift.  Those strawberry candies that ONLY grandmas have. Those little candies whose wrappers look like strawberries. WHERE DO THEY COME FROM. Ceramic cats. When I was little I loved cats, so as easy gifts from somewhat distant friends and family they would get me ceramic cats. I even got one in 6th grade in a secret santa. Then we moved into a house that was fully furnished and guess what it came with. Ceramic cats. More to add to the collection. It became an awkward joke when I moved in with a few roommates and they ended up on the kitchen counter while moving in, staring intently at them. Pens Hair pins.  I'm a guy, but it seems like every time I have a girl over I find at least a dozen of them scattered around.   Yard tools.  My grandfather hoarded yard tools.  He worked for the government back in the 70s and every day he would come home with a rake or a shovel or something and throw it up in his attic.  He stopped this after a few years, but I got the lucky task of cleaning out the attic and finding a place to store it all.  I sold a bunch of the tools at a yard sale and made like $1,600 but I still have more than I need. Lighters.

As a smoker, you either have 30 lighters out of nowhere, or your scouring every nook and cranny to find one  Stink bugs Apple products. Parents gave me an iTouch, won an ipad mini, and my old roommate is letting me use an old iPhone he "had lying around" neti pots. a while back, i found an offer on /r/freebies for neti pots. all i had to do was make up some doctor to pose as, punch in some fake info, and say my address was a private practice. since then, about every 3 months i get a box (like a decent sized box. 1.5' or so high and nearly cubical) full of neti pots, nasal rinse, coupons and *lots* of pamphlets. i've probably amassed at least 30 neti pots, 100 of packets of rinse, and 100's of pamphlets. all for free. 

i've never even used one. Bic lighters. swagger sex!  
^I'm ^lying... ^^about ^^both ^^parts. Dota 2 keys. Chopsticks.  Worked in a sushi restaurant for 3 years.  So.  Many.  Chopsticks.

They are a good complement to my packets of soy sauce that I never request and never eat that automatically come with my Chinese food. Now I know none of you guys have gone to college, as you don't have 4 million school t-shirts from various events. Pint Glasses. I live within walking distance of a few casinos and pretty much every time I go drinking the one for the road ends up in the cabinet. They are becoming a bigger problem than my drinking. Music, TV shows, movies, video games

Yo ho, yo ho... Hair ties, I am a male, but some how have hundreds.  Disappointment. Riot points. I'm a girl. Adobe Products STD's Ketchup packets.  Other Peoples Bullshit. I never buy it but it's still everywhere!! Pens and Pencils

I'll just find a pencil and claim it's mine! Stamps. I never remember buying them but whenever I need one I find piles Thread (yarn) Magnets from Pizza Boli's.  There are a couple of large zip-lock bags full of golf tees in my house.  I have no idea where they came from. Rubber bands. Rubber bands everywhere. iPhone chargers Those colored light covers for the Ferris Wheel lights.

I er... didn't buy those, if you know what I mean. Canned foods. I barely ever buy them, like ever. But my pantry is stocke with em' Cockroaches I have several perfumes. I guess I smell bad :( Cat5 cables.  I was expecting this thread to be full of people saying porn. Leaving pleasantly surprised for once I'm a receptionist and I always end up with way more rubber bands then when I can do with.  Afro combs. I really do no know how I have so many Hairpins, I'm a guy. Have no clue where most of them come from since I'm not using them.  Chick peas, Thanks mum.  Food. 

I live at home Dust - even when I make an attempt to get rid of it, it always comes back. Ants. They keep coming in. Extra unused napkins from various fast food restaurants. Windows licenses Flashlights. I have 12, and I can't recall where 10 of them came from.
 Hangers.  I have so many that they fill up the rack in my closet, yet I have never actually gone out and bought them alone. Pens. Coasters. Anytime I'm at a bar, I always end up taking one or two coasters. Cardboard boxes Lowrey's Seasoning Salt. Until recently, my household contained several gigantic containers of it that various relatives have given to me over the years. All but a small bottle has since been passed along to willing homes.  RUBBER BANDS Lighters. Never buy them but always have them left at my house.  Coupons. I hoard them from newspapers, from store display cases, from the mail... now they're everywhere. Underwear. Thanks, mom. Tennis balls. Our school's student parking lot is next to the tennis court so I'll just pick them up if I see them. Guitar picks Mugs.  I'm a teacher.  For shit's sake, could someone come up with something more creative? Bobby pins. 

As a male, that does not use bobby pins/hair clips I find atleast 10 of these near by bed at any one time. 

 iTunes Gift cards. Birthday, Christmas, and days in between. Cats Toe Clippers Problems Cats. I have nine. They showed up over time, alone or in multiples. So many litter boxes.  Tissues!  They give them out free when you fill up your car in Korea. combat on Atari, I don't even have a fucking atari 2600

 Pens and magnets. A majority of the pens are old and only work for about one letter before I trash them. I could still write a Doctoral Thesis with them all, though. T-shirts Rubberbands Drum keys.  Pens.  I have a very large amount of pens.  Hair. Men's hoodies and t-shirts. After years of quite short-term dating and the like, I've accumulated a ridiculous amount of both of them.  skins on league of legends

I have generous friends Regrets.







Sadly a true post instead of a karma-whore gathering post. Miniature tubes of Neosporin. I don't know where they come from. But I think they're breeding. Because everyday damn drawer I open seems to have some.  Power cables, the kind that plug into computers and monitors. That and VGA cables. Drowning in them.  Those little shampoo, conditioner, and hand lotion samples from hotel rooms. Flannels. I seem to adopt one from every relationship. Routers.

ISP's here give you one whenever you sign up with them. I've got like 10 of the damn things.. Plan B pills  Friends A hefty sum of spermatozoa. Sperm. These small condiments in glass bottles, like ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, tabasco sauce, etc. People keep giving them to me as if I collected them. I don't.  Women Rubber bands. They come with so many things, and you kind of don't want to throw them out because you think you'll find a use for them at some point, but you never really do...and the rare times that you do, you end up managing to save it anyway, so the collection never decreases... University of Kentucky shirts. Alcohol prep pads. I am in nursing school and every time I have a clinical day I grab some and put them in my pockets and never use them all. Nurses can probably relate.  Beer coasters. I have been collecting them for years, never bought one.  Plastic utensils  Bobby Pins and Hair Lackeys. My girlfriend leaves them everywhere. Bottle openers! I have six or seven, for both beer and wine, and I didn't buy any of them, I just sort of inherited them from friends and family. Bath and Body Works body sprays, lotions and shower gels that can last years.  Every Christmas and Birthday I get these as they are typically an easy/last minute gift for women.  I don't use body spray and I find the lotions are too heavily scented so the local Salvation Army gets a nice donation once a year.  I was told to regift them but I do not keep track of the givers and don't want to gift it back to the giver! Lighters. They are just in your pocket at the end of the night. Maybe I'm just an asshole? At my old university, people would stand outside of class and hand out copies of Wild Animus. Horrible book. By time I graduated, I had at least ten copies. They now live at my local salvation army. Staples. Or I could even say a stapler..? They just kind of showed up one day. Wii remotes.

I have six: One with the system, one with the Skyward sword bundle, and 4 that just appeared.

None of my friends seem to be missing any. This is stretching it, but lighters. I rarely buy them but seem to wake up after a night of heavy drinking with numerous, random lighters.  Napkins. Everytime my mother omes to visit she brings a new package. I swear i've never bought a single pack. Hairs Pencils and pens Friggin clothes hangers. Where do they come from? Umbrellas. My father constently finds them and my family never need to buy them. I also have a ton of underwear I received as a gift AOL CDs Problems Condoms and lube. Hair ties. There are dozens of them about. Children. The crazy little things are everywhere. Napkins.... Pens. So many pens. But when I need one, they all disappear or seize to function. Boxes. I keep all the boxes when I order stuff online. Hair ties. I've never bought a single one but some reason they are on every door knob and stuck behind every appliance, toilet and dresser! Rubber bands (the regular ones, not hair ties) and twisty-ties. Fat. Dust. I've never bought a single speck, and yet it's all over the goddamn place. Toothpicks and mints.  I grab a handful when leaving the restaurant.   I dont feel guilty either. The answer is: Money Human skulls. 

I mean I've bought my fair share, but most of them...  Construction pencils.  I have hundreds of those things.   I'd say markers since I pretty much require two of them at work at all times I end up bringing so many home and forgetting them. I own an unnecessary amount of [Cinnamonroll](http://images2.fanpop.com/images/photos/6700000/Cinnamoroll-Wallpaper-cinnamoroll-6763292-1024-768.jpg) merchandise. I have 5 plushes (two of which are identical), 2 keychains (also identical), a towel, several stationary sets, and two throw pillows. All gifts from friends who suddenly decided, "Dude, she loves Cinnamonroll. Get her that shit." Cologne! I made friends with the guy at the cologne counter at a local department store, and now I have enough of those free samples of good (and expensive) cologne to last me the next several years.  Pens, DVDs, cups, lighters, HDMI cables T-shirts with tech company logos on them. If you majored in engineering at a large university, then you know what I'm talking about. Apple devices. I got an iTouch from my parents for Christmas one year, then an iPhone, then an iPad from an uncle, then a Macbook Pro for work...

I also have a lot of free T-shirts... Those AOL Free Minutes CD's. How has no one mentioned this?? Koozies! They're everywhere!!!! Let's just say I have an extensive collection I name tags and hair nets.  Bobby pins , anytime I have a party or a girl over , they are scattered all over the house  Pizza cutters Rabbits. I found one in my back garden one day and caught it. After sticking up posters around my area asking if anyone was missing it and receiving no reply I decided to keep it as my own. Then before too long another rabbit walked in of which I caught and kept with my other rabbit. Before long I had 19 rabbits!!! Computers. Soy sauce packets Nipples :( Children. Laundry detergent. All roommates leave behind laundry detergent. I haven't bought any in three years. Water.  Duck Sauce.  Reddit Gold. 

^^I ^^Wish iPads Sex CATS Sex. Bic Lighters  Goggles. You lose yours at another school, other schools swim team comes and leave some for you. There's a cycle.  GetGlue stickers Problems Phone books iPhone cables.  Old ones.  Cheap crappy shirts that I've collected over the years. A lifetime supply of paper towels. Towels. Haven't bought one in 7 years, yet we have a cupboard full of them.  Traffic cones. dead bodies. I think my roommate is up to no good. I have never purchased a DVI-D cable, but I happen to have around 40 of them on hand. Magic playmats.  Haven't bought any, but I have at least 10 from doing well in events and such.

Anyone want a playmat? Sex High grade speakers. Relatives, fully furnished houses, or just people giving them to me knowing I like them. I can have a 13.4 surround sound system if I wanted to, Definitely not complaining though.  Cat-5 cables.  Never bought one, but I have a whole box o' them. Frisbees, I have 15-20 frisbees around my place. coat hangers Fake mustaches.  Testicles. Home Depot boom whackers, shaped like a hammer and a nail.  Pajamas. Every Christmas for the last 19 years my grandparents have been send me pajamas. I've never needed to buy them I have never in my life bought a USB Cable. But I seem to have at least 30. Probably more like 50. Ass hairs, seriously what the fuck? Batteries my house always hads those thongs from the copious amounts of bitches I've fornicated with dead hookers.  Fortune cookies..I practically have an entire drawer full of them at this point. Friends. Guitars Drugs. nickels Condoms, I'm surprised that people buy them.  I go to enough events that I leave with between 20-50 each time.  I received even more when I was in Uni. The Mass Effect trilogy just showed up in my basement.  No one remembers buying it and we have no idea where it came from. 2.5” hard drives, I can play a mad game of Jenga with them. Lawnmowers. I have 4. Lighters. Ceramic and glass elephants.     I have 6 copies of the movie "Ma Vie En Rose." I saw it with my mom as a teenager and loved it, so she bought it for me for my birthday. She has a terrible memory and keeps buying me copies of it for different holidays. I don't have the heart to tell her she's already gotten it for me. Sex!  Money I guess Sex. Reddit Gold, got 4 months and I don't know what I'm supposed to do with it. I think it's a Virginia thing but jars of apple butter. My friends and I were joking the other day that you never have to buy it, everyone always has like 3 jars around their house somewhere.  Swords. They have all been gifts. I'm not totally sure why ex's and family members started buying me them. Unfortunately, they really freak my boyfriend out :/

oh and I'm a lady. Promotional movie t shirts. I had to start giving them to good who'll.  Bobby pins. Somehow they accumulate. Magic Cards, my dad buys them all, but we both use them T-shirts Golf balls, every game is a money saving easter egg hunt.  Wire hangers. Problems.  Porn

 Hair elastics. I've never bought them, but I seem to never run out.. pilot g-2, other pens and pencils, post-its, notepads iPhone chargers. I'm pretty sure they've started to multiply since my boyfriend and I moved in together.. Coupons.  Tape. Fucking tape. Havent bought a roll in years but jesus christ i have a whole box of it! Five Panel hats, which is weird because most people know me to wear them. Dogs. If two count as a bunch. Found them starving in the woods. They're the best and most expensive free find of my life.  Lighters. Anyone who lurks /r/trees will understand. Porn. Those reusable water bottles, they continuously just spawn in my apartment with different logos on them every other month. TV shows, movies, and songs.

Edit: And games. Taco Bell hot sauces. I have a whole kitchen drawer full of them. I go through the drivethru and get more sauce every time and they just keep collecting. Tennis Balls.  I lived near the university tennis courts.  These courts are backed up onto a steep, rocky hill.  People hit the balls out and would rather not go through the trouble of getting them back.  On the weekends, I swoop in with my dog and harvest.  I currently have around 200. I figure that if the Apocalypse happens, and people start using tennis balls as currency, we would be well off.  We wouldn't be as rich as the Penn's or the Wilson's, but we will be ok. Pens. I have literally boxes full of pens, yet I own two pencils. Curtains, they came with the house. scraps of paper.

I didn't buy them, but when we moved, they were all over the place.  I tried going through boxes, you know, getting rid of things so we wouldn't take all our crap with us?  And in every box I found scraps of paper, many of them ripped pieces of other paper. 

I found out my husband seemed to think he'd need paper to note things on.  He scammed every stupid little piece of paper he could find, in case he needed to write something down.

Yeah, so that little piece of paper...at the BOTTOM of a box...in a closet...with FOUR other boxes on top of it...yeah, that little piece of paper is gonna come in handy. Post it notes. Never bought one (a pack? how does one buy post its?) in my life. And yet, I use them all the time. When I was younger, my dad got boxes of them for free from drug reps, in college I got a ton for free for doing a survey for them (still have that batch), and I get them from work now as well. Ethernet cables Regrets and sadness. I have WAAAY too many pairs of socks.

My mom buys me several multipacks of socks every Christmas, and whenever she buys my dad a pack, she gets my brother and I a pack too. (My dad goes through a lot of socks because he's always on his feet.) So I probably get 20+ pairs of socks a year.

I'm not complaining... socks are kind of a boring purchase, and I'm happy saving my money or spending it on something else... but I think this year I'm going to quietly donate the unopened packs of socks to a shelter. I have about 70 sample size cans of Axe Dark Temptation body spray. My dad got a box of them when they did a promotion or something at the college at which he works. When I'm bored I make flamethrowers. Reddit karma.

Yes, I know, maybe your imaginary Internet dick is larger than mine. I still have a lot. Poop. I don't buy poop, but I always have some. 8lb hammers  napkins  xbox 360's.  Idk how or why but I just do.  xbox's everywhere Boobs.  Lighters Dog hairs Shot glasses I have a collection of owls.  Stuffed owls (not real), porcelain owls, paper owls and some made put of whatever (I have no idea). There's even a family of real screech owls in the nest box i made for them in a tree in back. The're everywhere. All given to me. Hint:  don't tell anyone you like owls.  Safety pins. I ran xc and track in high school, and I would always (*always*) forget the 3.7 million pins I had already amassed from bibs in past races. So when I got home I would throw four more on the pile on my desk. Over. And over. And over. I'm pretty sure I have enough safety pins to arm North Korea. Condoms.  The swinger club has them for free behind the bar.  We always grab a handful (make sure we have enough for playing) and don't use them all.  They come home in my pockets.  I never remember to take them with us when we go back to the club. Hookers. Bobby pins.  Condiment packets.  Ketchup and soy sauce to be exact.  I'll never have to actually buy ketchup or soy sauce ever again if I decide to just dip into those whenever I need some.   Magazines. Everywhere. My mom can never bring herself to do away with them.  Golf balls Children. I have five. Copies of Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone. Don't even remember buying one, and I have 4 scattered around the house Ramekins... I love them, they are so convenient for dips or small sides. I have taken these from restaurants... they made their way out in the to-go boxes.  Fucking non-woven tote bags. Best I can figure, they *have* to be reproducing somehow since I've got so many. That's my best guess, anyway. Lighters, I don't know how but get drunk saturday night, wake up with 5 lighters Sunday  Safety glasses.

I work at a place that has buildings where you need to wear safety glasses to go in, and I work in several buildings. When I go into one where I need safety glasses I grab some from the bin, then I put them in my coat later in the day when I realize I'm still wearing them. Then when I get home I realize I have safety glasses in my coat and I throw them somewhere. I have dozens, and that's after several times of filling up shopping bags and taking them back to be recycled. Lighters. I've bought 1 or 2 over the last year but after recently cleaning my apartment i must have found around 40.  Pocket-sized green New Testaments Forks. I seem to have at least 4 times the amount of forks as knives, spoons and teaspoons. Pens,  mismatched socks, and Bobby pins. I'm a guy idiots.  20# propane tanks. I have at least 11 and I have never bought one. Don't know how they all got here.
[EDIT]: will trade propane tanks for pens Small change. Well I guess I did purchase them but not on purpose. I little here and there but never spend any and suddenly have enough to commit genocide if dropped from a tall enough place.  Wife hair.  

Never bought it.  Never looked into where i could purchase it from.  Never even considered what the price may be... 

BUT - fucking wife hair is ALL OVER my damn house... T-Shirts. I haven't bought one in recent memory but always have more than I can use. Most are free shirts from races. Cosby sweaters. Cosby sweaters everywhere. My husbands Grandma buys them for him every Christmas. Never been worn. Never been thrown. Did I mention he is a large 6'4 Norwegian/German man with a red beard? What a combo. Can you imagine a sweater on that? He would be so hipster. Hair ties. I hypothesize that only about 1 in 3 people that want them actually purchase them. IEC power cables, by the dozens. LifeHammers. Everyone thought I was going to be trapped underwater in a car that Christmas.  Pens and pencils. They just pile up! I swear to gods. A restaurant could go three years without purchasing to go cutlery from all the plastic utensils I have in my house.  Toilet paper and spam. I have copious amounts of spam  Sharpies. We used them at a job that I had for a few years. They always ended up in my pockets at the end of the night. I don't have a junk drawer I have a sharpie drawer.
 Golf balls and tees. Clothes hangers
 Pennies. I just seem to find them in random places, like under my pillow. The cinch bags that you get for free at events you go to.  I probably have about 15 of them.  They're really useful, too, which is why I haven't thrown them away yet. Nobody gives me fuckin anything for free. Fuck all of you. Elastic bands Ketchup packets.  My grandma was an avid knitter.  She purchased all remaining yarn from some yarn store closing.  When she passed my mom took all the yarn, this is a ridiculous amount of yarn and my mom keeps it even though she doesn't knit.

TL;DR - Yarn, So much yarn! Rubber bands. guitar picks. how do i have like 300 of them?  Lighters.  They always seem to appear and disappear as friends stop by  Desposible razors  Tiny bottles of shampoo, conditioner, and bars of soap from hotels. Mom used to collect them since her job had her traveling away from home, and now I keep them all in one box and slowly add to it whenever I get a chance to stay in a hotel myself. I like to think of it as a little emergency supply.  Sticks of deodorant. They pile up in my bathroom drawers. Movies, music, TV shows, PC games, apps...etc. The glass plate from inside microwave ovens. People throw away microwave ovens here all the time, and 9 times out of 10 when I look inside I find the glass plate still there. Consequently I currently have about 20-30 microwave plates, just in case I should ever have the need of one. Here's the ironic part:

**I DON'T OWN A MICROWAVE OVEN!!!**

I'm a microwave plate hoarder. Next season I"ll have my own show on The History Channel. USB flash drives - get them for free at work all of time.  My friend has three copies of the German epic Parzival. She doesn't even speak German.  So many teacup sets.

Also, so many photo frames. Gift something else, people. Purses. I have never once ever bought a purse in my life. I have maybe 20 brand new purses that people have given me as gifts over the years, but I love my ratty messenger bag :)  Lighters.

I don't mean to take them, it's just a habit to put them in my pocket when done with them. Tootsie Pops and Candy Corn. I've probably still got some from my first Halloween as a small child floating around the house somewhere. Those and Smarties, I always have an abundance of Smarties. Pillows. It's the damnedest thing, but I have never purchased a pillow in my life, yet I have 3 on my bed and 2 in my closet and none of it makes any sense at all. Effing can koozies, man. I have no idea where they all come from! Bobby pins. Mother. Fucking. Bobby pins. 

I'm a male, btw.  Chapstick. So my friends and I in high school always had at least 5 chapsticks on us each at any given time, and now (since moving) that I don't have a whole group of Chapstick hoarders around me, everyone seems to think my Chapstick hoarding is unique and cool. Everyone is like "oh lurrz, I bought you some Chapstick for your birthday/Christmas/I saw it and thought of you!!!" Haven't bought myself more than three sticks in the last few years and I have at least 20.  Sunglasses. I have around ten maybe, and I have no idea where any of them came from.  Sex. Happen to have a bunch of sex.  Apple headphones. I just attract them somehow.  Lawn mowers. Every few years when mine kicks the bucket I can drive around and find one in a garbage pile. Fix it up and use it until it dies, then repeat the process. Of course I never get rid of the broken ones, those are my part machines!  Other peoples clothes. Anything that involves phone chargers.  I probably have 5 cords plus an iphone 5 cord even though I have never had an iphone, about 6 wall adapter and 3 car chargers.  I don't take these from people either, they just appear. Napkins. Almost every day, I buy food from the deli, a pizzeria, a greek place, etc. I always take about a 3 inch stack of napkins whenever I go. The entire glove compartment of my car is full; I honestly can not fit another thing in there. I have an entire cabinet in my apartment that is full of thousands of napkins. Soon I'm gonna have to start storing them with the plates and bowls. Gnomes. Fake fruit Chocolate covered Macadamia nuts. Our family has a rather generous cousin in Hawaii who seems to have a surplus of Mauna Loa products. We get one mailed to us every month. We have resorted to giving them out as birthday presents now  Condoms Guitars.  Everyone just leaves them at my house and forgets about them.  I've got like 6 at this point. Self Help books. I think people are trying to tell me something. Grocery bags.  I never buy them but damn, I have a lot of them. Axe body spray When I was living at home we always had pet birds yet we have never bought bird. We would rescue them from my Nan's aviary (they would get kicked out of the nesting box as a chick and not be accepted back so we would take them home and raise them). We ended up with (over the course of several years, not all at once) about six love birds and two budgies. Hair pins. Polo styled shirts from American Eagle.


I've never bought anything from AE and I've haven't bought a polo in years.


I think my sisters husband just leaves them when they visit. Ketchup packets. A bottle of ketchup will last me three years. How do I accumulate dozens of those little packets? Why do I keep them?  Songs. Pilot G-2 pens. I dont think anyone buys them, they just materialize in convienient places LIGHTERS *Money* Free stickers. Just have a random pile of them that I don't have anything cool to put them on. I need like a guitar case. Or hard suitcase. Or something.  lots of pint glasses from the pub Hotel key cards. I never turn them in at check out.  Metal coat hangers.  JELL-O
I remember my ex being in a marketing class when we were in college and he came home flabbergasted that we had JELL-O in the house. Apparently, some people at Kraft spent a lot of time and money getting the brand to be in every house.  koozies! bitches always giving away free koozies for shit...
 ITT: The other end of that damn wormhole.  Condoms. Condoms all over the place.
Gay bars in Minneapolis usually have at least one night a week where people doing community outreach will hand out "Safer Sex Kits" that include a few condoms and lube. Over the years I've collected hundreds.   Lighters Pants. Can't remember the last time I paid for a pair. Gifts, hand-me-downs, sure. Lots of pants. I just don't buy them  Psyduck Pokemon cards. When I was younger, I collected Pokemon cards, but didn't play them, so I didn't care how good they were in the actual game. I thought Psyduck was cute, and I felt bad for him because no one really liked him, so I traded all my friends my halfway decent cards for all their Psyducks. I think I have close to 20 - and that's a significant chunk of my entire Pokemon cards collection. Magic cards! Oh wait... nevermind. Individual size packets of Kraft Ranch Dressing. My grandmother had 3 boxes of 500 count packets given to her after helping with a food outreach program. For some reason she felt like I needed one of the boxes. I've been putting a packet in my kids lunches with carrots everyday since....I still have almost a full box.... Yars' Revenge Atari 2600 carts.  Why do I have 4?  Where did they come from? Phone chargers.  I get phones stolen/dropped regularly. Pens Bread crumbs (the packages ones), with different flavors. People keep giving me packs of bread crumbs when I visit their houses. I like to cook so they just randomly give me bread crumbs Socks. I never ever have to buy them because every year my parents get me a 20 pack. Both of them. I have too many socks. Starbucks gift cards. Seriously I have at least 40 random-dollar-amount Starbucks gift cards. T-shirts. As a college student, everywhere I go, someone gives me a free t-shirt.. Monitors.  Lol, how do they keep accumulating?  I have 2 of them and I got rid of a third. Can Koozies. Every firm that comes to my school seems to have some to give out.  Justin Bieber merchandise.   Copies of Deep Impact on DVD. I'm up to 14: http://imgur.com/hubDRkQ

My best friend has been getting me one of these for Christmas (or Decemberween) every year for about a decade, and occasionally some other friend or relative will jump in, too. Rubber bands. I save the ones that come around bunches of asparagus and whatnot, and have never actually purchased any rubber bands, yet I have a jar full of them in my junk drawer. My best friends gf works for corona beer, so there's about 497 bottle openers in my house. Aids. =( What if the floor... was LAVA?! An airborne flu virus that doesn't appear serious at first (symptoms no more severe than the common cold) and appears to go away, but then in a few years time, kills all its victims without warning. An alien leaves a bomb big enough to destroy Earth with a timer running down, but we can't figure out how much time is left. An hour? A year? A century?

Edit: Can't remove the bomb, he used alien super glue or something.  If the earth stopped turning, 6 months of frozen night and 6 months of deadly heated days. 
 One that happens after I die.

I always miss the cool shit. one day, a deafening noise begins; a constant drone. no one knows where it came from, no idea if it will stop. scientists are baffled by this phenomenon. days, weeks and months pass with no cease to the noise. species go extinct. their senses hindered by the sound. global suicide rates go up. but we press on. we adapt. we begin to adapt, advancing in soundproofing technology. special "soundproof cafes" pop up. houses are built soundproof, music changes, we develop technologies to better communicate, a new generation of people are born unto this world. we adapted and survived. but one day, the noise stops. and we can't handle it. chaos ensues, insanity begins, and humanity ends.


(i know i read this somewhere, possibly on r/NoSleep, wish i had a link for you guys. don't know if this is a repost, and i might be buried.) I think the idea of Children of Men sounds quiet horrible. Imagine mankind slowly fade away because they get no more children Apocalisp everyone acquires a lisp and dies. Anything like the story I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream. Super computers becoming sentient, and then torturing humans for vengeance, yeesh... realistically one where clean water is hard to get. I've taken it for granted most of my life, hard to imagine not having the luxury  Universal aphasia, no one can communicate with each other The world is taken over by paper monsters that try to papercut your eyeballs and urethra. One day, Fran Drescher wakes up, feeling ill. She begins throwing up, and eventually passes out on the floor of her living room. A family member walks in, sees her there and rushes to her side. Fran quickly sits up, does that stupid fucking laugh, **AHHHHHHHH-AAAAHHHHH-AHHHHH** and then bites the neck of the other person. That person immediately starts throwing up, passes out for a while, wakes up and laughs.

**"AAAHHHHHHH-AAHHHHHHHH-AAAAHHHHHHH!"**

They begin infecting people the same way until everyone in the world (except some small pockets of resistance camping out in the woods) sound exactly like Fran Drescher. If all the women in the world disappeared. I'd say a Gray Goo scenario. Self-replicating nanobots everywhere. All the Earth's surface is turned into nanobots.

Why? We brought this on ourselves. Accidentally. It's one thing to purge the earth in nuclear hellfire as an act of war, but to cause the end of all life and homogenization of all matter on Earth because someone forgot to carry the one? That sucks. ANTS. People stop dying naturally, but they start becoming more powerful if they end the lives of other people. Slowly, we would all be the slaves of more powerful beings, and the only way out of it is brutality. You would have to be a slave for all eternity, or a murderer. But of course, you'd have to start somewhere where they don't deserve it. The Grandmapocalypse.

Edit: Nah guys I don't play Cookie Clicker, I was talking about the *other* Grandmapocalypse. World wide famine would suck pretty hard. No crops would grow, livestock numbers would dwindle fast.

Just imagine when the desperation sets in and cannibalism becomes the norm. World overpopulates and we slowly run out of oxygen.  Certainly not Metalocalypse. Anything remotely close to the movie, The Road.

Edit: I guess I should read the book. Carmageddon. Everyone’s always complaining about gridlock, about political gridlock, how we can’t get anything done because everything moves so slowly, so inefficiently. What’s the answer? I think the answer is more gridlock. Think about it, think about real gridlock, like traffic. Say it takes you two hours to get to work. That sucks, but you’ll still do it. What are you going to do, move? Quit your job? No, you’ll just complain about how it takes you too long to get to work everyday.

But let’s throw in even more gridlock. Let’s see what happens when it takes you three hours to get to work. Or four hours. Or let’s add so much gridlock that movement, all movement in all cars, it just ceases completely. Traffic stops. Eventually people put their cars into park, they get out, start walking around, they look to the other drivers and everybody’s just kind of looking at each other, you know, those faces like, “Huh? What’s going on? Can you believe this?”

Believe it. Three hours pass. Four, five, the sun starts to set. Nobody wants to leave their car right there, stuck in traffic on the expressway, but what are you going to do, starve? Are you going to go to the bathroom right there, right outside your car door? No, your car’s going to run out of gas eventually, your cell phone’s going to die. Just follow everybody else out of there, walking toward the nearest exit.

And then you make it to that exit and you look around, everybody’s looking around, the traffic is just as bad off the expressway, cars at a total standstill, not an inch for any vehicle to maneuver anywhere. The gridlock is absolute. So you start heading, which way? How long is it going to take to get somewhere, to get back?

Finally you get home, dirty, tired, you open the front door and your body just starts kind of breaking down on itself. You’re not even that big of a crier, but it’s like the weeping has started somewhere deep within, like your muscles are sobbing, and you just want to take a shower, get some rest.

And the gridlock never clears up. It’s like you open the door and all you can hear are police car sirens, fire trucks blaring their horns, like it’s going to do something, like the noise is going to cut through to the source of the traffic. Soon all of the delis are out of groceries and your neighbors start hoarding bottled water and batteries.

So everybody, not knowing what to do, they turn on their TVs, and it’s the mayor, it’s your governor, the President. The gridlock is everywhere, the traffic taking up literally every available inch of maneuverable space in the country. So taking some executive action, the President hires wrecking crews, strong men, anybody out there with a wrench, some tools. “Get out there,” he tells us, “just start taking apart cars, hauling everything to the side of the road. Let’s get this done.”

And that’s it I guess. Cars would start to be dismantled and people would make sure nothing like this happens ever again. Because things can’t start to get better unless they start to get unbearable first. Nobody’s going to stop buying gas at five, six, seven dollars a gallon. But five thousand dollars a gallon? Eight million dollars for a college education? Forty-eight hour lines to vote? Yeah, once it gets that bad, somebody will figure out something. We’ll all demand that somebody figures out something. But just keeping things the way they are, yeah, a two hour commute to work sucks, but we’ll all just complain, everybody gets used to complaining, everything slowly getting worse. Gigantic nuclear exchange.  I cannot imagine the terror and pure hell it would bring. Aliens destroying the Earth so they can make room for an intergalactic highway. Left 4 Dead zombie apocalypse. Not a single fucking person would stand a change with those goddamn special zombies. Everyone on earth stuck as teenage girls. Sharks falling from the sky, eating everyone. All caused by a tornado. One where we're conquered by some other beings and harvested as food products. That shit would be miserable. My hope is that I am one of the first to die when Cthulhu awakens... Some kind of dynamic shift in the animal kingdom which ultimately leads to an increase in bears which evolve and develop above human levels of intelligence. Of course at first the change would be near unnoticeable but as it becomes more realised it is already too late... Some kind of bear war erupts between brown bears and black bears which we become caught in the middle of. This could result in the absolute obliteration of the world. Though, even if the world was not destroyed chances are we'd become enslaved by our new bear masters. That would of course be unbearable. The captain opened his bleary eyes as a gentle hiss escaped his hibernation pod. It took some time for his eyes to focus on the display mounted over the pod. They had reached their destination.

His muscles ached and strained as he stood up for the first time in over 500 years. With a shaky, uncertain gait he made his way to the primary central computer terminal in the bow of the ship. Luckily, it was not far from the pods. He tapped the display to activate the ship's log of the events that had transpired during the automated flight through interstellar space. The curious radio signal his homeworld first picked up all those years ago had vanished. There was a log of two hundred years worth of transmissions the ship had received during the voyage, but oddly they stopped three hundred years earlier. Given that the ship was capable of traveling at 99% of the speed of light using a solar sail and ion propulsion, the captain concluded that the race responsible for generating those odd radio signals had only broadcasted for two hundred years then stopped, for whatever reason. He noticed a curious peak in the radio signals at the terminus of the log, then silence. His brow wrinkled in a frown.

"This is the most important mission in history; the first time we could meet a sentient race and proclaim ourselves brothers in the stars. Now they are silent. What happened?" he thought.

The rest of the crew had woken up and were manning the various science stations around the ship. They were in orbit around an insignificant rock circling a middle-aged yellow dwarf star. Indeed, the entire solar system was unremarkable save for one of the outer gas giant planets that boasted an impressive ring system. The planet below was cold and lifeless. There was a preponderance of water on the surface and a high oxygen concentration in the atmosphere, but little else to suggest life on this world. The amount of radiation in the environment was far above the threshold for life as they knew it. The head science officer raised his brow. 

"Sir, look at this!" he said, motioning to the captain.

The captain strode over and stared in disbelief at the screen. The forward telescopes showed structures crumbling on the surface, and they were everywhere. This species had spread all over the planet and were advanced enough to build concrete structures and send out radio signals. There HAD been life here at one point. In the centers of these aggregations of structures, however, were what looked to be craters.

A look of slack-jawed disbelief crept across the captain's countenance. Remembering the odd peak in the radio log, the captain and his head science officer decided to listen to the recordings the ship's computer had made during transit. They played back the terminus of the signal. There were several different languages, all unintelligible, in odd grunting vocalizations. While the exact content of these signals couldn't be discerned, there was something readily apparent in their tone. Desperation. There was a loud crackle of static, then silence. A chill crept down the back of the captain's neck. The captain and head science officer stared in disbelief at each other.

One of the junior scientists exclaimed "SIR!"

On his display, the camera from a remote drone circling the moon of this dead world revealed footprints and a sun-bleached rectangle of nylon on an aluminum pole. 

"These people had traveled to other celestial bodies in their solar system. What else were they capable of?" the captain thought.

The camera zoomed in on an aluminum plaque placed in the center of the footprints. The writing on it read: "Apollo 11".

TL;DR- aliens travel 500 light years to meet an intelligent species (us) only to discover that we had nuked ourselves.

*Edit: Words and such. The world being overtaken by fully conscious demonic furbys with a thirst for blood. I'd be more likely to kill myself in that situation than any other.  Something similar to 'Nightfall' by Asimov. Incase you haven't read it, basically, humankind live in a binary star system (two suns), and the sun hasn't set for hundreds of thousands of year. Darkness terrifies them. It's set from the point of a researcher in an observatory, who slowly watches the sun set over the course of years, watching anarchy slowly take over, as his colleagues commit suicide one by one. All the toilet paper in the world is gone.

No three seashells either. A huge solar flare knocks out all the electricity. Without the internet, things go into crisis mode. Limited medical assistance, limited food preservation, everyone panics, people start rioting, looting, killing and everything slowly goes to shit. Diarrhea Zombies Kevin Costner jokes aside, seeing water levels rise high enough to cover the entire planet would suck. Crab people. planet of the rapes The Alpacalypse. Fire and Ice
BY ROBERT FROST
Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I’ve tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice,
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction ice
Is also great
And would suffice. Everything gets EMP'd.  No nuclear bombs, no death, just life without electricity for all eternity. The Big Bang Theory replaces everything. No news, sports, movies, or internet, just TBBT.  I read a book where everyone over the age of 16 was affected so basically the world was run by kids. Since this is Reddit, I shall try to cater to your needs. 

The worst apocalypse would be one where everyone found themselves stuck on Australia with all the deadly creatures tripled in size. But all the beautiful women were replaced by evil DMV ladies. Every sign was a repost. Every safe had its contents listed on the front but was impenetrable. And you had to pour your milk before you put the cereal in the bowl.    I'm almost surprised this hasn't come up. Personally, I think the Attack on Titan apocalypse would be horrible. For those of you who haven't seen the show, the premise is this: 15 to 45 feet tall human-like creatures one day appear out of nowhere. Their sole purpose is too eat humans, often in the most terrifying way possible. They ignore any and all other possible food sources, and don't need to eat or rest. In fact, they can't even digest humans. As if there wasn't enough unnecessary cruelty to begin with, they can't be killed unless cut in the nape of the neck. If any other part of their body is damaged, they can almost immediately regenerate. Their strength and agility are also far beyond what a human of their size would be. Imagine a zombie apocalypse, only about ten times worse. Gravity suddenly stops working. 

Where are you going to hide?  Jesus actually comes.  For me, the worst apocalypse would come in waves. Each wave would replace a (random) percentage of your "soul", of your very existence, with pure evil. Society would gradually descend into chaos as people start turning against each other. Those who remain more or less pure until the very end have the most horrendous experience, while those who *notice* their demise will despair until their humanity is finally gone...

To make it even worse, let's assume that the people who are already bad to begin with suddenly become righteous and develop a strong conscience. Every waking moment of their brief existence will be spent thinking about the crimes they have done.

That way, you would punish everyone. No gasoline at all. Sunpocalypse. I think the #YOLOSWAG420 apocalypse would bring the world quickly to a screeching halt, only to burst in flames moments later. 

People would stop going to work, because #YOLO. After their turn of unemployment, the people were deemed "douchebags". These douchebags would be robbing convenience stores just to survive, taking videos of their daring feats. Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, and Youtube would have to shutdown from the volume of grotesque shit uploaded on an hourly basis. Congress would try to appeal to the douchebags, but could not reason with them. After they lost their diplomacy, they signed the Global War on Swag, a war on the douchebags.  The UN quickly signed a treaty with the US that all nations will find and kill all douchebags, in a shred of hope to make the world a better place. This caused a worldwide civil war, as everyone accused each other of being fags or douches. It would be the bloodiest war the world had ever seen. Man against man, bro against bro.  Velociraptor apocalypse. (For the purposes of this hypothetical situation, we will be using Jurassic Park velociraptors.)

Hear me out. The death itself is horrible as they slice open your stomach and begin eating you while you're still alive. They have all the horror of running zombies except they can think and plan. THEY CAN OPEN DOORS! You can't bargain with them. You can't reason with them. They don't make constant noise like zombies that will alert you to their presence. They hunt in packs so if you're alone, you're screwed. Even if you think you have plenty of advantages on your side, it's still terrifying. Imagine being in your little fortified base, one of the last refuges of humanity, you're standing on the wall as a velociraptor quickly closes the distance between the two of you. The night lights up with the staccato fire of your assault rifle as this beast leaps twenty feet in the air, all claws and teeth, making a noise like a baby made of iguanas being thrown down the stairs.

Terrifying. A Sizable Coronal Mass Ejection from the Sun, likely at the level of the Carrington Event of 1859.

All electronics would be fried, everywhere.  Cars and trucks would be dead on the road.  Trains, dead on the road.  Computers, electronics, even refrigerators would cease to work.  And, worse, all of the machines to manufacture them would cease to work, with the designs of those machines being fried in the hard disks storing them in the cloud today.  You'd be back to the 1700s in a flash.  That's when it would get really bad.

Due to just-in-time methods of food distribution, people would begin starving in 3 days or so.  Then things would really go to hell with people fighting over the remaining food, then eating whatever animals were alive around us, then cannibalism.  By that time, you'd have roving hoards of thousands on foot just killing and eating each other for dinner.  Due to the sheer size of them no "survivalist" could defend themselves, and they'd be the first to being gone after, knowing they had food.

And, the military couldn't even solve it in such a scenario, due to them ceasing to EMP-hard all devices ever since the concept of mutually-assured-destruction with the Soviet Union existed, negating the point of even dealing with an endgame scenario where machines would have to be protected.   Their vehicles would be downed and they would have arsenals of weapons to protect themselves, but would fall to the same fate of a lack of food from their supply of MREs running out in a few months.

In the end, it would leave what's estimated to be 1% of the current population alive, those lucky enough to be in the middle of nowhere, like in the arctic, or the toughest (or most brutal) surviving.  Those final remaining people could then live off the land and restart again over the course of centuries.

In comparison, the 1980s "nuclear holocaust" would be far more human since it would immediately wipe out millions of people who would die horrifically, otherwise.

Anyway, this is some evidence if you don't believe me, using a similar effect.  Helicopter and car is fried immediately:

http://dsc.discovery.com/tv-shows/other-shows/videos/future-weapons-emp-bomb.htm The worst apocalypse would be one that took hold slowly. It would be one that would have no single source or cause, but multiple, complex causes, caused by different people around the world. It would be one that would be hard to convince people is happening, because the science behind it would be complex, and the solution would be inconvenient. It would be one that we would realize a bit too late, and that couldn't be fixed without multilateral cooperation. It would be won that we'd have to overcome pure self-interest to fix, and which ticks away, its impacts building year after year, making it harder to fix.  Waterwold. 

Not the concept, the movie. All other form of entertainment is wiped out and we are forced to watch it over and over. Eventually people develop Stockholm syndrome and start to like it. It soon becomes everything which is discussed. Communication becomes ineffective unless you somehow reference Waterwold in every sentence. Eventually the enslaved massed drown themselves in the ocean, believing they can breathe underwater forever. Kevin costner pays to fit out a catamaran with obscure weapons and flees to the ocean. The few remaining survivors dedicate themselves to his extermination. Eventually memory of land fades. Only Kevin knows the way to dry land. Kevin must be killed to save mankind. He is the destroyer and saviour of us all. All glory be to Kevin.  If gravity suddenly reversed itself. Think about it, those outside would be instantly jetted into space. Those indoors would be trapped on the ceilings of buildings, unable to reach the tops of door frames. All lakes, oceans, and rivers would be gone. The water would freeze once it hit space, effectively blocking out the sun. Each man made structure would in fact become an island. Our only water would be whats left underground. We couldn't grow crops, at least easily.  The zombie apocalypse from The Walking Dead. I would hate to live through an apocalypse that poorly written.  The only person left in the world is a sex addict. Bees.  Bees everywhere. i dont know, but i liked the american dad apocalypse If you were the last man/woman alive as far as you knew. The Walking Dead episode "Clear" does a really good job illustrating what this does to a person (in my opinion at least). I'm surprised no one ever thought of a spider apocalypse.

Even though you could argue that the enemy has already began preparing. Cloudy With a Chance of Bowling Balls. We're heading for a global food crisis - the price of and the need for food exponentially grows. 

Yeah the world tries new things to avert the shortage. We switch to eating insects for protein, genetic modification and a switch bio culture of algaes on a grand scale. All this is fine for the countries that can afford it; for those not so lucky civil wars, destabilization or conflict for food becomes the order of the day. There is one fatal issue,  no army can march on an empty stomach - drones are increasingly used as as the more viable soldier.  This leads to huge conflicts where significant numbers die. 

These mitigation efforts stop working. They are hard to continue under the pressure of war, the ocean appears to be warming preventing algae growth and the push to create large genetically modified insect populations for eating results in devastating swarms destroying crops. Fish stocks dwindled away years ago due to over-fishing and poisoning of the worlds oceans, all livestock is decimated by resistant diseases created by the overuse of antibiotics, global warming creates unpredictable shifting weather cycles and the incidence of extreme weather events increases disrupting farming and eradicating crops. Desertification occurs on a grand scale, rain-forests dwindle and die as oceans rise creating vast salt marshes where nothing edible grows or survives. Most water supplies are contaminated by this point. 

In the first few years of this things weren't so bad, you could eat the odd but palatable stuff. Frogs and snails are first to go, followed swiftly by most birds worth eating that have survived the lack of insects killed off by the release of vast toxic pesticides to prevent further crop swarms, big birds of prey have not been supported for some time, large animals such as bears haven't been seen in years. Carrion feeders for a time flourished on the growing numbers of dead until they themselves became a food source.

 There is some canned food leftover from 2025 but for the most part it was seized by the government and stockpiled many moons ago to feed the army. To make things worse some of the cans aren't viable, they make you sick, botulism can be a horrible death and the emergency tinned rations issued by governments back then were well known to contain a chemical intended to placate civil disobedience. Some armies even used food as a weapon, poisoning hundreds of thousands with contaminated food. You just can't be sure of the unlabeled tin's safety anymore.

Everyone stopped bothering to go to work a long time ago, services dwindled, industries failed,the prime directive is survival and food. War disrupted everything. The situation is dire, organised statehood descended into nomadic existence. Those in cities get the worst of it, first it's looting, then it's absolute, total and unmitigated, anarchy. Take what you want at the behest of another to live just one more day. Individual groups fighting for food and other goods form but they can't last, unable to support themselves they collapse inwards. Eventually it's you on your own. Having anyone to support is fatal. Kid's? Haha you must be joking right, another mouth to feed is a death sentence!

Naturally people began to resort to cannibalism of the dead. Then people begin to think why wait? The concept of the "food farm" becomes as natural as reading a newspaper once was. Except these "food farms" are hellish concentration camps of women, raped to create babies that are eaten almost immediately. Except these can't survive either, it takes energy to make a baby and the fetuses become smaller and smaller, 9 months is a long time to wait, eventually gestation is ignored and fetuses are snatched from the womb in a manner of weeks after conception. Genetic issues lead to miscarriages, eventually the women hosts become unsupportable and are themselves eaten. The "farm" collapses in on itself.

All this cannibalism spreads large amounts of Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathy or prion disease caused by the eating of misfolded proteins. Prion Apocalypse occurs. These diseases lead to degeneration of mental and physical abilities. Many brains become sponges leading aggressive behaviors and reduction in deductive reasoning.

AND BAM! what do we have ladies and gentlemen? -  ZOMBIES. Except they aren't the slow loping crap ones of the old moving pictures, these are fucking fast and lethal killing machines.

**Fatigue and hunger means you barely register the sound of clawing scratches at the door of your hut.  They've found you.** I know it's probably a bit cliché to name a zombie apocalypse as the "worst kind of apocalypse" when there are so many other options to choose from; but has anyone really thought about the implications of a classic Romero-style zombie apocalypse? We're talking about a situation where *anyone who dies from anything* becomes a zombie. Even if mankind can manage to fight back and retake the world from the zombies, rebuild cities and reestablish governments, and generally recover from the worst of it, you'd still have to have a completely new worldview on death, and a whole new paradigm for how to deal with the sick and dying. Elderly people would have to sleep in locked rooms; hospital room doors would be bolted shut. Any time a major accident or terrorist attack happened, instead of firefighters and paramedics converging on the scene, you'd see men in SWAT uniforms, ready to gun down any survivors. It would be the most horrifying dystopia ever. Dick shaped asteroids pounding earth into oblivion. Imagine a disease that renders every human-being infertile. We as a race would have to slowly watch as we die out and don't repopulate.  An epidemic that causes everyone to talk and sound like Jar Jar Binks before dying. From [this](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1439572/?ref_=sr_1) movie - everybody on the planet starts losing senses, one at a time. Starts with smell, then taste and so on until everything is gone. Degradation of the human mind. A virus is out there, and it slowly lowers people's intelligence to just barely functional human. Something like severe autism or mental retardation, but happening over the course of a year or so. Unless you find the cure within the first month or two, only the smartest people in the world would have enough intelligence left to even try and work on it. 

Seen several movies and TV shows about individuals this happens to (Stargate had an episode) but never an entire civilization that I can recall. If all of our butt cheeks fused together and all of our poop just built up and we exploded. Miley Cyrus virus infects all living things. People and animals lick and twerk each other and themselves to death.  A biblical apocalypse.  Everyone on /r/athiesm would be sooooooo pissed. Millions of cloned Guy Fieris.  Weaponized douches! The most probable apocalypse scenario in the near future is pretty bad. It's not just global warming, peak oil, overpopulation, economic recession or any of the other problems we're facing, it's the fact that all of them are going to be coming to a head at some point in this century. Considering the magnitude of these problems and the amount of time and resources it will take to address them each individually, this is going to be a rapid fire series of major global catastrophes. Most or all of them  will overlap with each other each exasperating the other. This means that even if we can address one or even several of these massive issues simultaneously we could still see a massive global collapse. 

So in a very real way social and economic collapse, with the corresponding breakdown of society being able to carry out its basic functions (like we're seeing with the current government shutdown in the U.S.) is the largest danger.  Humanity has a very good chance of being able to address the issues it faces if things run smoothly and we can begin to address these issues logically and efficiently. However our global society is very fragile and particularly vulnerable to all of the problems that we are going to be facing this century. 

Lets start with the one we are in the strongest position to address; peak oil. Between biofuel, electric cars, more efficient use of coal, oil and natural gas, alternative energies such as solar, wind, natural gas, etc. we can keep things running. The next really important one is global warming. This is more serious because it exasperates all of the other threats by making it take more resources to address each, making ALL of these bigger problems exponentially as time goes on. For example, we're running out of water already, but as a result of global warming our existing water supplies are evaporating, independent of the fact that we're draining our aquifers at breakneck pace. Although we are able to avert peak oil, it's unavoidable that a lot of that will come from electric cars which at least initially will be powered by a huge spike in coal consumption, making global warming worse.

Already we can see how addressing just two of these problems simultaneously can be difficult because the solution to one exasperates the other. Lets now include water. This is the next most dangerous resource we're running out of because of how quickly it can destabilize things. If you remove access to water entire populations will die out within days. It won't happen that quickly, but you see the danger drought poses to large sections of society and the potential for people to become desperate. 

So we can address water issues with large scale desalinization projects. The problem is the amount of energy they require. Assuming we don't see a large enough buildup of alternative power generation, the combination of energy needed to provide electricity for electric cars for billions of people AND power massive desalination projects to provide water for billions means that the amount of coal that we'll be using will not only have horrid environmental concequences beyond the somewhat existential risks of global warming, but just horrid human health consequences. We also begin to see the danger of hitting peak coal.

We think we have enough coal for about 500 years if we keep using as much per year as we're using right now. To address all of the issues we're going to be facing we're going to need about 10 times that much, meaning we have enough coal to last us about 50 years...yikes. And Nuclear power is not a long term solution because we're also running out of uranium. 

The web of things that we're running out of goes much deeper than this, and it's a fascinating field of study. The real terror of it all is that we can do almost everything right (invest in energy in a way that each  source we're running out of gets us to the point that we can safely transfer to the next energy paradigm, while also taking into account the massive increases in energy that will be required to address each of the other issues we're facing), but an unexpected consequence of global warming could mean that rapid rise of sea levels could put one of the links in that chain under water without enough time to compensate, resulting in a domino effect of societal collapse. Or a disaster in one country could disrupt the supply chain to the same effect. Plus the normal dangers of war, civil unrest, or economic collapse and you can see what a precocious situation we're in. If things go wrong we could see billions of people starve to death, and an end to human progress.  the apocalypse apocalypse. all the other apocalypses put together  (I spent a lot of time on this, I hope it doesn't get buried.)


A warp rift opens in the skies above Terra, revealing inside its screaming tides the flagship Hrafnkel. The battle-barge storms back into reality on tormented engines, streaming ribbons of insanity from its hull. On its bridge stand two great warriors, one more reminiscent of a wolf than a man, encased in armor of stone grey and animal furs. Beside him stands a general in gold, regal, despite his missing hands. The clenched fist on his shoulder serves him well enough. 

At the same moment, halfway across the galaxy, a god's son opens his eyes for the first time in a thousand years. He finds himself in a chamber deep within a fortress drifting through space known as the Rock. He and his sons make all speed for Terra.

They are more machine than man, and they know only cold wrath, yet they fall to the earth and too-human tears fall from their cheeks as their murdered father returns to them, even if only for a short while. His silver arms point skyward, and his wordless cry of rage and anguish is all they need to hear. As his image fades, they raise their iron fists in his memory, and bear forward in his name.  

The ghost of their fallen sire comes to them, an angel in red come to deliver orders for war one last time. His wings are hung with loops of gold and pearls, and he is bedecked in jewels. A broken legion reforms at his command, and hundreds of vessels bearing red tears on their hulls make way for the throneworld. 

Meanwhile, a portal to the webway opens up in the Imperial Palace, and out walks another demigod, this one dressed in gleaming white armor and the pelts of great beasts long dead. His plate is batter and his weapons are bloody, yet he is whole. He steps to the side as his brother walks out behind him. This warrior is encased in armor of verdant green, trimmed by orange. The head of a drake stares from his left shoulder, and his red eyes glow bright. 

Beneath their feet, the last of the god's sons opens his eyes. His wounds are healed, and he is ready to do battle once more. His armor is of the deepest blue, and as he awakens, so too does another, far more powerful being. 

While this all takes place, far to the galactic east, within the greatest warp storm ever seen, something stirs. 

He is angry. 

Blood heralds his arrival, and with it come the screams. Some are of fear, many more are of pain, but most are of rage. A monstrous angel of red fury strides back into being. 

He is not alone. 

On a planet of furious devotees and wailing worshippers, a deity awakens. He opens the doors to the spire within which he had dwelled for so long in his self-imposed exile, and his sons weep to see him again. He is radiant, he is golden, and he is wrathful. 

He is not the last. 

A world of beaten iron and hardship plays home to the living embodiment of grinding siege warfare. When he moves, his fortress murmurs with his tread, his every footfall like that of a dropped tank. He hefts his hammer onto his shoulder and rallies his legion to war once again. 

He is not forgotten. 

This spinning hulk of dust plains and broken rock was once the most beautiful world known to man, a sacred vault of knowledge and wonder, safeguarded by mystic warriors of seemingly-limitless power. Now only but a handful of these warriors remain, and they chant sacred blessings and cast wards about themselves as their red father once more calls them to battle. Their ships shine blue as they sail onwards. 

He is undying. 

He is all that is sickness and pestilence. In an age long past, he was the avatar of death itself, and his legion were his reapers. Now they are bloated husks of hate, their pitted armor and rusted weapons sad memories of what they once were. Their bodies play host to thousands of plagues, each deadlier than the last. The Death Lord stands, bringing his tall scythe to bear as he makes ready to bring suffering to those who deserve it once again. 

He knew only pain, and that was exquisite. 

A sinuous form of coils and scales rears it's beautiful head, untangling itself from its nest of pleasure. Wondrous white hair falls over a face of impossibly perfect features, and a being too beautiful to truly exist smiles its serpent's grin. It calls to its side a legion of depraved addicts, their drug is anything that will give them a moment's sensation. They beat their fists bloody on the ground, and carve sigils into their chests as they hear the promises of their beloved father. 

He is dead. Yet his legacy of terror let's its claws roam free.

Midnight blue, blending in to the lightless void around it, the legion of orphaned warriors scream their righteous sorrow into the night. Their black eyes and blacker hearts know only hate. 

He is terrible to behold. 

Claws scythe open and closed, open and closed, as the treasured warrior to the favored son contemplates war, and all it has to offer. He grins, and a face scarred by ten millennia of battle creaks at the gesture. A whispered word, and the great ship beneath his feet powers up, ready to obey his every command. Around the vessel, thousands of other craft ignite their engines, and as one they sail forward to commit fire and fury to a golden palace once again. 


Across the galaxy, warpseers and prophets fall to the floor, their head clutched in their hands as blood pours from their eyes, ears and noses. This moment had been foretold, yet never expected. Gods had returned to wage war once again, and this time they would not stop until every single last enemy had been felled. Whether or not the galaxy survives is of little consequence, for the end times are come. 

Blood will flow, but only the clash of blade and bolter will tell if the Imperium prevails, or if the Golden Throne shall lie shattered and broken beyond repair. 

The Emperor and his Primarch sons have been reborn. The End Times are come. 

**TL;DR**

**(My vision of the worst apocalypse would be one in the Warhammer 40k universe. If such an event happened, every man, woman and child would face the prospect of death, civilizations would fall, and entire races would die.)** Chipotle goes out of business... If things just keep getting worse like they are now, with no one big singular event to call the apocalypse. Reavers. I think if the earth slowly lost all breathable air, that would be pretty bad. The worst apocalypse in human history will be the discovery of a substance that extends human life and improves health to the point where 3 and 4 hundred year olds are mentally and physically fit enough to keep working in politics as the centuries pass.

Just imagine if we had a government filled with Strom Thurmond types who never died of old age.... I think the worst would be if a species of super wasps multiplied like crazy and stung everyone to death.  Comic Sans everywhere. I think a zombie apocalypse would be pretty horrifying.
And I mean World War Z (THE BOOK, NOT THE MOVIE).
The descriptions of that book of how the infections happened, and how people would develop symptoms over 24 hours; that kind of thing is terrifying.
But imagine that actually happening everywhere. No place is safe. You have to be on the move and leave everything you love behind--that being people sometimes.
And the last man on earth? Either dies of old age (children are essentially impossible to take with you in this environment), or waits until he is surrounded by death and succumbs.
That would suck.
 Thousands of tires like the one from the movie Rubber invading everywhere. The one in The Road. Sloths. Yes, you heard me. *Sloths*

Not your average, every-day sloths, no. Nonononono, good sir. These sloths can SCUTTLE, yes, that's right, **SCUTTLE**, on all fours, at 20 miles an hour. They hunt in packs, They have razor sharp claws and teeth and are *carnivorous*. The worst part? The shrieking. They shriek at nearly a loud enough force to shatter eardrums. *Nearly*. The incredibly loud, wailing, terrifying noise not only leaves you in pain and practically paralyzed, but it attracts more of them, and then a feeding frenzy begins. Your limbs being ripped apart by these ferocious animals and your blood flying everywhere as the only ones left in your group leave you to die, because they know.

They know that it's better to cut their losses. Not because they hate you, but because they have to. It's better for you as well; Bleeding out, dying of infection? Too long. Too painful. I'd rather go out quickly, rather than a slow, agonizing death. Just my opinion, but it should be taken note of, should the worst come to pass. Anyways,  good luck in the slothpocalypse.




*Have fun sleeping.* Teapublicans.  A gendercide (Y:the Last Man), a new dominant species is introduced to the planet, all the water on Earth freezes, a celestial collision, bacterial, viral, or Ragnarök... Ever seen The Road? That kind.  Fast zombies is the scariest shit ever.  I read a series called "Wool" by Hugh Howey. It takes place in a dystopian future where everyone is forced to live in an underground silo. There is a screen that allows them to see what the outside world is like - just complete desolation and toxic smog. That would be terrible, to just be trapped underground like that, in one place, your entire life, knowing there was more beyond, but it would kill you if you ventured out into it. Also, there were no elevators. That is a special kind of Hell. The worst kind of apocalypse? I would say that the worst would be if an Age of Unreason comes. An intellectual apocalypse, I would say... No more Internet.  One kind of like from the movie The Road on Netflix. There's no food exempt for some bugs and whatever they can find that hasn't been looted. That'd be a tough life constantly worrying about people killing you while slowly starving to death.  What is all the air in the world...

Turned to wood! A  man eating jam apocalypse, no one would see it coming. smelling farts, no 'fresh air' all you smell is farts, each one more toxic than the last. If nothing happens. /BORING 

Edit: Nopocalypse I read a book of short stories called *Wasteland: Stories of the Apocalypse*. The stories were varied, with a some being post-devastation, but one stood out.

I think it was written by Stephen King, where two brothers cause the world to end by giving everyone rapid onset dementia / Alzheimer's.

The premise was that they'd found a town that stood out like an earthquake on a map, except instead of tremors, there were fewer and fewer acts of violence, with none reported in the town. They found that something was in the water to make people docile, so they got it, concentrated it, then introduced it to the jet stream to achieve world peace.

It's written from the perspective of the one surviving brother as he slams more and more medication to finish his final thoughts on paper, knowing humanity is doomed to never read them, if it even survives. Because of some galactic incident earth is under extreme radiation, which will last for hundreds of years.

Aside from people getting cancer, their newborn children will be deformed and physically or mentally handicapped. Then, this deformed generation will grow up and if they're not dead from cancer and if they able to mate, they will produce children who will even be more deformed and grotesque. And then, the children produced by that generation will be the last on earth, because they are infertile and  physically and mentally not developed. They ain't able to think human thoughts anymore.

Then, the last person will die pathetically in front of a "The Thinker"  statue, drooling and eyes rolled up to the sky. Ice-9. No water but what is stored. Warm frozen bodies everywhere. the worst apocalypse imaginable is an apocalypse where you are still alive to see it. http://www.crossedcomic.com/webcomic/volume-1-chapter-1/ A flying spider apocalypse. I'm thinking one where oxygen slowly gets displaced with CO2 and you slowly suffocate while going crazy. The Alpacalypse. This one. A boring one. 

If the world is coming to an end, it better be epic.  An army of Kardashians.......Khloe Kardashians. Have you ever heard of Garth Ennis' "Crossed?" I think that would be a pretty shitty way for the world to go. Every section of flooring around the world is now made up so that no matter where you step a lego appears beneath your foot. Everyone is infected with a disease that causes constant cluster headaches. One you can't pick up a gun and fight. Kakarot lands on earth and fulfills his duty... Bieber Fever. The one that has a real chance of actually happening: 

Unlivable conditions caused by Global Warming and Pollution. One where everything was exactly the same.

Seriously, that'd be a shitty apocalypse.  You'd still have to go to work and everything. [A metalocalypse.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-LIv2c7nNw) There's a twilight zone episode where during the first half the earth is getting hotter, and everyone knows they're going to die because of the heat, and then it posits the opposite: a world where increasing cold will kill everyone. 

I think all of the worst types of apocalypses would be the kind that everyone sees coming, and causes ever increasing suffering. 

Also, knowing that we caused it would make it even worse.  Instead of zombie apocalypse, why not a werewolf apocalypse? Or a vampire apocalypse?  Oxygen running out somehow in 24 hours. As oxygen levels drop, before people die, they have a tremendous panic attack due to increased CO2 levels.  IF you are the last male on Earth.  Where everyone suddenly becomes only capable of moving at a slow walk, and there are velociraptors everywhere, this is literally one of my scariest recurring nightmares... If no one died... that would be the worst apocalypse. the yolocalypse Demons overrunning the earth and butt fucking everybody to death with 6' long demon dicks.  Sprinting zombies. Fuck that. Everything inexplicably starts turning into poop. Any kind...? Global biological warfare I think, would be pretty damned horrifying. Global starvation for some reason.  Seven billion people, starving.  I'd imagine it would get ugly pretty fast.  Maybe it would be due to some sort of cascading failure of technology or something, I don't know.

But... riots first, then murders, the cannibalism, then plague and disease.  The whole house of cards crashing down in what seems like an instant.  Dehumanizing desperation everywhere.  Bodies rotting everywhere, and an ugly tension between those who see them as food and those who don't.

If a world has to die, starvation is probably the most terrifying way it could happen. blindness disease We all get infected by a deadly disease, but how long we have left to live is different per person and there is no way to find out how long until we die People lose the ability to sleep, and over sleepless hours, days, weeks, months, years, all human beings begin to go insane, proceeding through dementia, suffering audible and visual hallucinations -- men, women, boys, girls, babies, all too exhausted to scream.  Eventually victims lapse into a coma and finally death.  All happening in a society of the insomniac insane, deteriorating through famine, thirst. 

Maybe it begins tonight.  I can't sleep...can you? Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I’ve tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice,
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction ice
Is also great
And would suffice. Biblical flooding, except instead of raining water for 40 days and 40 nights, it rained spiders.  Fecal apocalypse.  It's just a shitty way to die. the one that is already happening. Where the universe expands so much that there is no longer any energy to support life and we all inevitably perish with absolutely no escape. The YOLOpocalypse. Without question If you've never read One Second After, check it out  - a very believable story of life after an atmospheric EMP takes out most electronics in the lower 48. Very scary. Read the comic CROSSED.  Trumps all.  If yeast stopped producing alcohol the world would spin off its axis. Third impact. An apocalypse where Jehovah's Witnesses rain from the skies and then knock on your door. A grandmapocalypse The worst apocalypse? The kind that you saw coming.

Imagine the panic, chaos, the fear that would permeate every second of everyone's lives prior to the impending, inevitable doom. If it is unavoidable, and unstoppable, then I'd much prefer for life to continue as it is, for as long as possible. If the last instant of life on earth is that of a normal world, I think that would be much preferable to a world drowning in fear and chaos as society tears itself apart as it reverts to its most base urges and whims. I think losing potable water would become a big problem very fast, since agriculture, hell, just staying alive, would become difficult if not impossible.

Also, bacon. If there was no more bacon, I think a lot of people would go absolutely apeshit, and start killing each other. Nice try House Republicans The moon begins its descent towards earth and all the Zelda fanboys go on about Majora's Mask memes until we die The gray slime scenario. Scientists create highly functional nannites capable of self-replication using available materials in their immediate vicinity. Originally designed for personalized medical care and construction on a nanometer scale, their safeguards fail, and they begin to replicate exponentially. In the process, they break down every substance on the surface of the planet containing useful metals or other trace elements. Within months, and despite humanity's best efforts, the entire surface of earth is covered in a writhing mass of nannites resembling nothing more than...gray slime. A super virus that makes everyone's body feel like it's asleep permanently. If everyone's weiner fell off and we were unable to procreate. Grandmapocalypse  Death by Snu snu. BREAKING: Congress passes bill banning the operation of all pornography related websites. An apocalypse now. Time travelers from the future come in to take our jobs and the only way we can stop them is to stop the future from happening by having gay sex with each other. everybody gets a Requiem for a Dream plotline It would be the one that nobody saw coming. The slow collapse of society via corruption, politics, and government surveillance. The worst kind of apocalypse is the one that is on its way.   If Justin Bieber created a clone army and took over the world.  Nice try, Zuul. Where all the silverware is replaced with chopsticks and there is nothing to eat but soup. Death by SNOOSNOO Spiders, just spiders everywhere. a space jockey bombs the earth with thousands of xenomorph eggs. Llama-pocalypse. Just one day it starts raining llamas and it never stops. Ever. A meteorite of antimatter the size of a marble hits Earth. It begins destroying the Earth atom by atom. People quickly realize what's going on and try to get as far away from the impact site as possible. Eventually the entire population of Earth tries to squeeze into an area the size of Massachusetts. The reaction dies out. 3 billion people are in this small area. Disease spreads quickly. After about a day, everyone has tuberculosis. Oxygen is running low. Everyone dies of a combination of dehydration and asphyxiation within 2 days. Human centipede Everyone cold to death Some mad geneticist/biologist somewhere abducts all of the housewives from the "Real Housewives" shows and extracts their DNA and mixes it all with DNA of 100 ft tall giants. He then releases this super race of Real Housewives Giant Monsters upon the world.

Instead of your typical Godzilla type attack, these giants attack each other in cat fights that end up destroying entire metro areas leaving the survivors to be forever haunted by their banshee like screams A flood until the world was under the flood.. 

Plot twist: Instead of water flood.. Poop flood.  If all the water on Earth were to run out, humanity would not last more than a week at most. Everyone would be fighting over the drop to prolong their miserable live for maybe another day... Those giant hornets that are already killing people in China.. If they grew in numbers and started populating countries all over the world, I think we would be fucked.  Grandmapacolypse
/r/cookieclicker Cthulhu. We would be royally fucked. whatever kind of appocalypse that would be everyone has a searing hangover all the time and there are no babes A zombie apocalypse where the zombies had motor skills...
 Bamacare gets passed!!!!  All the food is candy. There is no nutrition whatsoever in the world. Try to eat your friend, nope candy. Your mother? Candy too. slowly we will just die of malnutrition and bad hygiene.  The Staypuff Marshmallow Man the Great Pork Rind and Beer Famine of 2013. A government lab fucks up and a virus is released into the public because a chemist forgot to wash his hands after he came in contact with it by mistake. That chemist takes the subway to get to his downtown apartment. Everyone who has touched surfaces that the chemist came in contact with is at risk of catching the virus. People rub their eyes, eat food, or contract it through an opening whether they made a mistake shaving that morning, etc. 

People with the virus start sneezing blood, become very disoriented while blood is dripping out of every opening in their body, and go mad from violent, pounding headaches. Panic sets in and people are avoiding the infected at all costs. The government issues a warning on T.V. for everyone to stay inside, lock your doors, etc. The area of the initial infections is quarantined but by this time few of the infected have made it to their homes outside of this zone.

There are tests to see who is infected or not but the quarantined zone only results in one thing. Everybody comes in contact with the virus. People in denial try to escape the quarantined zone, only to be warned and shot by police and military. Meanwhile, the virus is spreading in surrounding states due to the infected that got away, and found out they've been infected too late or they were in denial.

All of our country's rich and powerful flock to military bases located in mountains, underground, etc to avoid becoming infected. Here we are, shit is fucking crazy, and you realize you are trapped in what will become a viral wasteland. The hardest part of all of this is living with the paranoia. You find out your neighbor's home has been looted, and they have no where else to go. They try to seek refuge in yours. But you notice their kid has a bloody nose, and the father sneezed. You assume it's the virus and you tell them "Sorry but we can't let you in." But were they really sick? Maybe. The gov't told you to look out for those symptoms and fear won you over.A vaccine is pointless as the virus is rapidly mutating to more complex forms. 

Finally, it has been a few long months and your family, in a camper deep in the woods, is running out of food. You weave through wreckage on the highway, heading to your hometown to find what pieces are left. It's eerily quiet and you know the chaos has stopped. You see dead bodies everywhere, almost every building looted, and your house has been broken into too many times to count. There's no point in staying. You keep driving and come across a military checkpoint. They fill you in on the details after they've tested you. Turns out almost everyone died from the virus, being murdered, or the military gunned them down for trying to escape quarantined areas. The quarantined areas turned out to be everywhere except military bases pretty much.

More reports come in of survivors coming out of the woodwork and to these military bases. As the madness has calmed down, checkpoints can screen people without shooting them on site due to the risk of infection. They also aren't charging them and relentlessly demanding refuge at this point. You are now living on a military base as clean up will take years to complete. Pretty much all of your friends, family, and everything you know are all gone. It's miraculous that your family survived. You saw movies and shows about this sort of thing. Surely this could never happen here, in America. But it did. This is your new reality that you can't wake up from. The universe is a booger in Jeff Goldblum's nose..  we are then picked A contagious alzheimers-like disease that gradually morphs and affects younger and younger people until humanity slowly dwindles away and goes extinct due to complete memory loss. Everybody but you morphs into Miley and twerks non stop until the end of time We lose all ability to communicate. Speaking, writing, hand signals, everything and we slowly devolve into raw animalistic behavior. A hippopotapocalypse. Spider apocalypse. All sizes, all species... just everywhere no escape. It just doesn't get worse. Lovecraft's Singularity.  Every fuck ugly in all of space and time coming to devour our delicious brains.  Superpowered AI, eldritch abominations from other universes, powerful Alien Races from other Galaxies, Boltzman brains from the far future.  Dead gods from the big Bang. Humanity splitting into millions of factions with the power of mass destruction.

I only know of two published items that use this scenario, Shin Megami Tensai, and Charles Stross' s laundry files. There's too many people. We fight over supplies and have too little weapons to go to war.  All of the countries go either hunger games on our asses or end up killing the dumbest and ugliest humans in general. Or whatever they decide to go by. Either way, a scary government that kills people is nothing new, and in no way good.  Snu Snu Nuclear Holocaust.

because we made it happen. The world continuing the way its currently going.... Any apocalypse would be better then how out planet will be in 50-100 years i would say that an apocalypse where japanese dirty underwear machines become sentient and kill everyone except for the people whose dirty underwear particularly pleases them leaving maybe 10,000 left and ever hour of every day is filled with dirtying underwear in a concentration camp for your perverted overlords and once you go past your underwear dirtying prime they take your life slowly depleting the human race because they don't understand how human reproduce
and as the last person leaves his prime he feels not regret not anger for his overlords but pity because with the human race gone what will the panty machines have to live for?        Everywhere on Earth the temperature is exactly 70 degrees F. Once a month the temperature raises exactly 1 degree. After 2 years it is 94 degrees everyday. After 4 years it's 118 degrees. After 6 years it's 142, and each month Earth gets 1 degree hotter. Eventually people start becoming dehydrated and irritable, and insomnia begins. After 8 years it's 166 degrees and people are slowing dying from heat exhaustion. Ice caps are melted, Earth is flooding. Water and energy to stay cool are dwindling away. It just keeps getting hotter and hotter over a decade until the temperature reaches 190 degrees...how long until the last person on Earth can't stand the heat anymore? The one from 'On the Beach' by Nevil Shute. Everywhere but Australia is destroyed in a nuclear war, so they're just sitting there waiting for the radiation to make its way across the ocean so they can die slow horrible deaths. Worst: Least cinematic and awesome:  An enormous meteor we didn't see slams into us with enough force to render the planet completely uninhabitable in a matter of minutes.  Every one dies but a few microbes, no one sees it coming, no one freaks out, your living your life, then it gets really hot, then the house catches on fire and disintegrates.  No freaking out, just a few minutes of 'i think i missed something important'

Worst: Most cinematic; The global financial collapse looms after the 17th deadline is breached.  As resources become scarce a new disease appears, some sort of wasting disease or fungal infection which causes people to physically waste away over a period of months as their flesh rots off.  There is little to no work for a cure because there is no money, even if there was one, no one could afford it.  The afflicted can stave off the effects of the disease in some home-remedy (which some say doesn't even work) by eating some specific body part (lets say... pituitary gland) of a healthy person.  The disease doesn't actually kill, it makes a necessary protein cease being created in the body causing the wasting effects.  So perfectly rational people are torn between death-by-gang-green and killing and eating a healthy person.  The financial crisis means no one has money to buy real supplements and some say that the there isn't even a cure being researched.  The disease is airborne and shows no signs of slowing down.

So 5 minutes of 'what was that' or years of wasting away and a rotting population with a 30% die-off in the first 6 months due to the republicans screwing up... take your pick. The christian one.

Heaven. Think about it, you have to spend eternity, just thinking about "awesome" god is. 
Hell. Everyday is exactly the same punishment. Run from bees. 24/7 365*infinity.

Forever.
 Tea Party has control of all powers.  The scientific community being wiped out leaving only religion as the explanation for our reality.   Hipsterpocalypse

a) Everybody wearing skinny jeans causes testicles to overheat, ending sperm production and thus sterilising the entire human race.

b) Everybody is too lathargic to do anything that generates revenue or powers the economy. However every Starbucks on the planet has 100% staff utilisation (but no customers can afford the product because they're all hipsters)

c) Every iPod is playing the same music, like a giant hypnotic mind-control drug. If you ask what they're listening to, you are greeted with a condescending "You wouldn't have heard of them...they're underground and only play small shows in dive bars on the other side of the continent"

d) Skateboard-crash is a leading cause of death.

 I don't know why people never talk about a mummy apocalypse. Why are zombies so fashionable? A zombie apocalypse would be nothing. Mummies would be terrifying. They would be cursing everyone and everything and how many people know how to get rid of a mummy? That's what I thought. And even if you do know, how the hell are you ever going to find and destroy the amount of scrolls that would be associated with a mummy apocalypse? People need to wake up from their zombie dreamland and start preparing for the serious threats. horse sized ducks apocalypse An obviously biblical apocalypse where it takes a few minutes for the religious to ascend because they would be fucking unbearably smug the entire time.   
And you know... torture and anguish Am I the only one who has fantasized about living in a post-apocalyptic world ravaged by nuclear war? Like something out of Metro 2033 or Fallout... Legos fall from the sky and all your shoes are gone.. Probably the one that actually happened to the Native Americans. Life was pretty good for the Natives before it all fell apart. In North America, the natives actually had it pretty good. The averaged more calories per day than Europeans, they were cleaner, and only rarely did plagues sweep in. They were (at first contact) always cleaner, taller, and healthier than the Europeans across the sea were, and certainly healthier than the colonists at first.

And there were a lot of them. In Mexico alone there were about 25 million, making it the most densely populated area in the world in 1491. Total pre-Columbian population has been estimated to be between 40 and 100 million. In North America, first contact reports state that you could see smoke along the entire Eastern Coast and that the East was littered with small villages.

War was fought differently as well. Rather than long, drawn out and bloody conflicts common in Europe, battle were almost always very brief and fought between guerrilla factions. In Central and South America large-scale battles were more common but not as common as in Europe. The Inca and the Mexica were experiencing a golden age with little internal or external conflict aside from the Aztec tradition of harvesting human sacrifices.

And then the Europeans came.

The Native Americans had an immune system that made them more resistant to parasites but more vulnerable to infectious disease. Smallpox devastated the natives, killing between 60-90% of those infected. The Mississippi flood plain, which La Salle had described as full of life, was almost completely deserted by the time the next wave of exploration came around 100 years later. Entire villages could be killed in weeks when the plague swept in. 

The mass deaths also upset the political balance of America. Sensing weakness in their enemies from the plague, old battles were struck up again, with Indians allying with the white men to destroy their enemies and being subsequently betrayed. Francisco Pizzaro found the Inca Empire in the middle of a brutal civil war following the power vacuum created when the emperor and his most senior officials were killed smallpox. Serious depopulation also left a lot of fields in need of sowing, but with no one to sow famine set in for many. 

Tenochtitlan, the sprawling metropolis of the Mexica, was burned and sacked. The enormous population loss in the area due to war, famine, and plague was so severe that only now is Mexico reaching the population levels it once had.

Those who survived were either subjugated and enslaved (as they were in the South) or driven further and further away and forced to live on reservations (as in the North). 

80% of the Native population was killed in the century following Columbus by either war, plague, or famine. Those who survived were left with their culture obliterated, their land stolen, and their world ripped out from under them. Pestilence, War, Famine, Death; that's all four horsemen right there. 

TL;DR The Native Americans have it rough. The Grandmapocalypse. Old ladies begin foaming at the mouth with glassy eyes, the earth rips asunder in a torrent of freshly baked cookies from Hell. Wrinkled fleshy structures, pulsating with the age of eons spread over roads, cities, and continents. Writhing masses of raw cookie dough mixed with the flesh of our elders seep into the world, engulfing forests, mountains, and oceans. Our planet's core becomes solid dark chocolate, space and time is ripped apart as cookies and old women pour from an alternate dimension, filling our universe with mass exponentially until all of existence is nothing more than a veiny, doughy singularity.

I need a new mouse. Feminists! They're Everywhere! All women turned into Sarah Palin.  If it doesn't kill people it's not really an apocalypse is it.

ninja; I guess unless it's from the perspective of the planet.. in which case us humans must be some kind of apocalypse on the Earth. Starvation. 

You're gonna get a lot of funny answers, but slowly starving to death would be pretty fucking awful. It has to be one of the worst deaths you can have. Look up pictures of starving kids in Africa and look into their eyes. Shaqpocalypse. I'm concerned that no one else said this immediately. The *swagpocalypse* The Bieberocalypse! If all the normal food we eat vanished.

I wonder how many people would resort to cannibalism or try munching on a rock.  A disease spread through eye contact. I'd say a good old fashioned smallpox plague.  It would be horrifically painful for all. Mayonaise everywhere. I think the grey goo scenario would be pretty bad.  Microscopic machines turning everything they touch into useable materials for replication. You could fight and fight but nothing can stop the slow progression of the grey.  Chinese cell phone conspiracy is real. They detonate all phones at once thus killing about 80-90% of the population. China then makes a move to start world war on everyone. All astronomers are dead. Asteroid takes course for earth, boom everyone dies.  Worst thing I can envision...our employers turn us into slaves.  Make us keep working while not getting paid.  And we all slowly starve or break into anarchy eating each other.  1-2 more weeks of the shutdown should do it. All electricity in the world is extinguished. We are so dependent on electricity in the world today. Almost all forms of transportation require it as do highly guarded military installations as well as hospitals. All military presence? Gone. Police? Gone. Modern medicine? Gone. One simple injury could kill you and there would be no way to help you. It's a whole new world and in this one we are all equal. Not to mention those with disabilities and implements thy are the first to go. From then on its the survival of the fittest. And lets be honest the human race isn't exactly as fit as it used to be. Wow, the top post was if all the women disappeared...true...

But

How about if all the women in the world had their periods at the same time? I've always found the concepts of two of the most common apocalypses, robot and zombie, silly. Then I thought of something: what about a robot and zombie apocalypse *at the same time?*

This is how I saw it: Zombie plague breaks out, and at first we have difficulty containing it. Then, the military unveils its two new advancements. The first is completely autonomous military robots, which can fight the infected without fear of spreading the disease. The second is a powerful core AI that will be able to form a strategy for ultimate containment of the outbreak. The AI inevitably comes to the conclusion that, since the disease can only be spread by humans, the solution is to abandon conventional containment methods, and to instead gather several small pockets of uninfected humans (selected for diversity and genetic 'superiority'), and protect them by initiating a scorched-earth policy everywhere else. This means killing all zombies and other humans indiscriminately to ensure the survival of a sustainable population. Mass Starvation

High temps combined with the deaths of important ecological entities on land and ocean could result in a very bad apocalypse.

Food and Water scarcity could cause wars, poor nations would be ransacked and left to starve. Food prices in first would countries would lead to a collapse of social structure. We hit the carrying capacity and we die of no resources (food, trees for oxygen, ect).  Highly contagious 100% antibiotic resistant flesh eating bacteria. The scary part is that this isn't that far from possible. Take **all** of your antibiotics people. A pandemic with a disease we know almost nothing about, that kills most of the world. Watching your son, daughter, mother, father, brother, or sister die in front of you. In so much pain, and you cannot do anything about it. You just got married, and to see your spouse die and end your life long commitment to each other. *'till death do us apart.*

Being paranoid and dealing with those who threaten you. Would you kill? They may be infected they may not. But you need food to feed you or your family. Your friends turn against you to survive. They'll leave you behind, and won't be the same friend they were when you were kids. 

Then what would you do, once those who run and operate your services are dead and gone? No Police to keep you safe. No firefighters to put out the flames in your home. No electricity. No running water. No constant source of food. The world won't be the same it was for a long time.

No one to trust. No matter who they were. 

What would you do if you got infected? 28 days later, but the zombies live as long as the ones in The walking dead. Dramatic shift in solar activity or disruption of our ionosphere cause all our electrical systems to fail unless they are shielded by several feet of lead.  Watch us slowly inexorably descend to the technology of the Amish, still remembering our past greatness but knowing that it would be physically impossible for us to regain our technological triumphs. Massive herds of feral hamsters. A pandemic of blindness. "Children of Men"-style. if all the worlds population was suddenly unable to reproduce. our lifetime would be it.  Locust swarms. A breakdown in the normal order would be the worst. Water treatment plants shut down, grocery stores close. People would essentially be left to starve or die of dehydration unless they knew how to live off the land(though with so many people needing to do so at once all resourced would be quickly depleted). Plague of shitting blood until you die. Anything that would prevent me from knowing the end of Game of Thrones zombies... that still talk and remember shit Zombie pissy chihuahuas.  One that we predicted, but wouldn't prevent. Bugs The one where we all die. That would be the worst.  The overpopulation,  global warming, and apathetic decline kind.  The sun going supernova. There isn't any way to live through it. No fun afterward. no twinkies The ongoing, the one you do not know about until nothing can be done to bring change, climate change is a suitable choice for this. Airborne I'd say. You wouldn't see it coming. Horrible virus

Whole population mass suicide

Alien holocaust towards humans

Destruction of society by those less intelligent who don't understand it.

That which would've befallen the Idiocracy universe had Joe not come along.

 The apocalypse that happened in the Road. That shit was so depressing and sad that I couldn't even finish watching the movie.   Random exploding ass syndrome would be pretty bad... Let's call it the Tacopocalypse. Some sort of blight that kills off the world's crops. The absence of wheat, corn and rice would lead to massive starvation. Hunger makes people crazy. Riots, murder, cannibalism... I would say a drawn out apocalypse from resource depletion and climate change. Imagine certain resources starting to run out and a huge increase in natural disasters. While this is happening, for the first time technology starts to recede and standard of living decreases, all while millions of displaced people roam. By the end, humans would recede to pre-industrial conditions with a bit of modern tech, but would not be able to make enough food for the huge population and because of the climate change. The feeling of watching the human race go to shit all while living through a whole life is fucking scary. sugar stops fermenting into ethanol and skips directly to vinegar - chaos with great salad dressings ensues Aliens (the acid-for-blood, rapes-you-in-your-sleep-and-plants-its-seed-in-you, "get-away-from-her-you-bitch" kind) successfully overrun the planet because we let them since Earth has no valuable resources left for us to use anyway and the act of defending the planet would solely be for sentimental value towards our home world after dozens of other planets have been colonized, monetized, and subsidized by the Company we all know and love to hate. If every human suddenly lost their rectal muscles and started shitting uncontrollably, until all of us died with neck deep in shit, literally! One where you can't kill yourself but death is inevitable. Invincible cannibalistic babies The Great Old Ones return. Either a zombie outbreak via biological warfare, or the entire plot of Space Battleship Yamato (an alien race bombards the Earth to the point that it's a radioactive wasteland; the plot involves a team of space travelers getting the technology to restore it before mankind goes extinct). A real-life version of a few Pandemic games I've played would be pretty horrific -- something akin to the non-supernatural parts of *The Stand* with a die-off happening over a couple weeks would be seriously fucked up.

After that, I'd say the actual use of a [cobalt-60 doomsday device](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobalt_bomb) would be up there (virtually everyone on the planet dies of radiation poisoning in a short timeframe, and it's persistent so even the "survivors" could end up getting sick later.) There was a movie made about the use of cobalt-60 bombs called [On the beach](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053137/?ref_=nv_sr_1) that was depressing as hell. The one where every living thing is abducted and anally probed. Then all living things are wiped out. I have to say that a mega tsunami is the worst kind of apocalypse. The feeling of drowning and suffocation is just horrendous. A supernatural force makes it so that everyone stubs their toe every single step they take. There's absolutely no way to avoid it; if you move your foot, you'll stub your toe. Mass suicides and a halt in the development of existence ensues.  Invasion of giant flying spiders. Plants stop growing. Ecosystems fall apart. Animals die off and we kill each other over the remaining food, but in the end all starve to death.  Everyones messed up tatoos come to life and kill everyone. One where no one sees it coming and it's so sudden no one even knows it's happening. So quick, it began and ended in the blink of an eye. Why is this the worst? No one would have been given a chance to fight back. No chance of salvation, no hope of reprieve, nor even a chance to say your good-byes. Just one second existence, the next... silence. All of the worlds water dries up at once. Imagine everyone in the world slowly dying of thirst. The Wakalypse: Everyone turns into Waka Flocka. Asspocalype The worst part... If you were dead... Or a zombie. [Runaway global warming](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permian-Triassic_extinction_event) would suck. Apathy. Everyone just gives up on life and slowly fades away. No one cares one way or another. If we had an internet apocalypse, it went down and could never be restored.  A certain segment of the population would go nuts.  Probably would be better to have never had at it all then to have lost it. Losing the majority of the ozone layer?I'm not saying all of it, just enough that earth could't function properly anymore. Imagine not being able to go outside without heavy layers of protection, cancer being as common as colds, the massive starvation from failed farming and the crash of almosty every ecosystem in the world.

Civilization and all life would slowly die off while writhing in agony from skin burns, cancer and hunger. An every-person-on-Earth-gets-slowly-burned-at-the-stake-ocalypse. A huge solar flare causing the ozone to burn off.
Besides burning people alive and giving skin cancer to everyone the radiation will kill millions over time. 
It would flip society and the way we function.  A cataclysmic event like a comet striking earth. Where dust clouds block the sun and we all slowly freeze and suffocate to death with no way to survive. the one that never happens Unstoppable plague of flesh eating bacteria. Or fungus. [The Flesh That Hates](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-610) has the makings of a pretty good apocalypse.

Or the [Bone Hive](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-439).

Or [Star Signals](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-1425).

 wasps. big, evil wasps. yuk. An Alpocalypse. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/1d/Alpocalypse.jpg fucking necromorphs man.   Self-replicating nano-bots that convert carbon into helium. Computers that take care of our every whim, make us live forever, eradicate hunger etc..., but in return allow us no freedom. after a series of super volcanoes blotting out the sun, thus creating the stage for massive crop failures, long brutal winters and the destruction left from the volcanic eruptions would be hard to deal with but not completely impossible. no the real bad part comes from the world governments failing to work together and the dozens of civil wars created by lack of food and clean water.   Rage virus.  Wasps start growing in numbers... Exponentially every day and acquire a taste for flesh. Slothpocalypse. It would take days to be killed. Definitely a super volcano plunging the world into decades of nuclear winter. 

This is what I think was the event in *The Road* that resulted in a cold, gray world with no crops and people resorting to cannibalism. 

That world would be horrible, and I think mankind would at least come very close to winking out forever, if not outright extinction. Say what you will about presidents and similar in bunkers, I just don't believe they have anything set up to be sustainable for 20 or 30 years of famine of that magnitude.

It would be a slow, horrible, painful extinction.   The Reapers I used to think "Robot Apocalypse" sounded somewhat scary, but then I watched Attack on Titan. Well, here's my new, horribly apocalypse scenario. The titans are like zombies, but much, much bigger. You can't kill them except if you cut their neck in a very specific way, otherwise they just regenerate. They're fast, they're grotesque, and they only exist to kill you. They seem to come out of nowhere, and they attack in hordes. Evade one, be eaten by the next one. Kill a thousand, a thousand others are waiting just around the corner. Great.  Bees. All water except bottled water disappears. People start dying slow agonising deaths, and the strong murder the weak for a bottle of precious life-preserving liquid, but they know at some point they will end up dying as well. The sun explodes.  Nothing we can do about it and we can't leave.   Nothing survives.   The planet is also destroyed.  The worst kind of apocalypse would be one in which a giant hail storm envelopes the entire planet but instead of ice, the hail are all Drakes. Billions of Drakes hailing down on the planet crushing us along with all of our buildings, monuments and etc. After the carnage ceases, the lifeless planet would be littered with countless bodies. All 7 billion of us and probably close to a trillion Drakes. That would be the worst kind of apocalypse. A Llamapocalypse. Drowning in spit. The one that doesnt happen during my lifetime. I might change my mind when it occurs but right now I'd love to experience the end of the world. I dont want to die but I cant imagine a better way to go Cloudy w/ a Chance of Meatballs in real life. Huge amounts of food falling on people, crushing them underneath the enormous weight of it all. That would be pretty scary.

Or how in the new Cloudy w/ a Chance of Meatballs, the food becomes animated and starts eating humans. THAT would be intense. One without Twinkies.  When all women die first.  I think the dystopian future that was portrayed in Post Mortal was pretty grim.

The cure for aging is discovered.  Nobody ages, but people can still die.  Overpopulation is rampant as people raise multiple families over the years. Each kid they raise eventually gets the treatment and raises their own generations of families. 

Resources are thin. Random violence is high as fundamentalists "troll" post-mortals by scarring them, blinding them, traumatizing them. Essentially doing everything short of killing them so they live out their immortality crippled and disfigured. 

Seemed like a pretty shitty place to live.  I think a horrible end to society  would be if the core of earth started to get hotter, but very slowly. Imagine life where anything on the surface was ablaze. We would still be able to survive for the most part. But as it slowly gets hotter, more and more is claimed by the fire. Water is harder to come by, as it is boiling in almost every location. We fight for elevated land, but eventually we are all consumed by a smoldering planet. The people smart enough to know there is no hope go insane. The people clinging to hope go to extremes trying to survive. But everyone dies, and painfully.   The facility from Cabin in the Woods is overrun and the monsters escape.  The Douchebagalypse. Everyone you know and love is suddenly transformed into a douchebag, complete with fake gold, cool shades, and baseball-cap with the rim straightened. Communism spreading globally.  An zombie apocalypse where, instead of biting you, they rape you, and that's how it spreads That disease from Steven Kings "The Stand" certainly wouldn't be pleasant... No internet.  Rage. Invincible mosquitoes. the kind I die in... Probably the one we are headed to as population increases and we stay in excess of the Earths carrying capacity. Technology keeps people alive longer and birth rates rise exponentially. We can no longer have the space to house and feed the Earth's population. Starvation kicks in, governments collapse and anarchy reigns. We overpopulate. So the human race resorts to its typical thing. War. After a few dozen years of pestilence, famine, and war due to the decay of society; The majority of the people are dead, dying of disease, starvation, or lack of shelter, and outside are our Genetically Modified warriors, shooting and fighting each other for a government that no longer exists. It's not safe to go out, during day or night, in case you get caught in a crossfire. 

Eventually, the survivors figure out that they can bully the rest of humanity, form a despotism based on banditry and a single charismatic leader. He guides everyone out into the wreckage of the world, and we enter a new dark age. The whole comet hits the earth thing. Our sun gets blocked so all plants die and crops fail. After we eat all the animals we resort to cannibalism. Good night sweetie. Sharknado. 'Nuff said. I think a series of natural disasters would do the trick. I mean globally.

Most places have some type of natural disaster that can affect them. Now imagine if every natural disaster struck many, many regions at the same time? Earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, powerful thunderstorms, large hail, tornadoes, flooding rains. When a natural disaster strikes, there's usually cities or parts of the country that can come to their aid. But if everyone was affected, things could fall apart quickly. The one described in the bible. A disease that grants us immortality, but makes us completely paralyzed and unable to communicate. Magog We all go blind like that movie, Blindness. I'll go with biblical apocalypse. That revelations stuff is just spooky, I'm not going to heaven and it would prove so many assholes right. Justin Beiber zombies that sing. The zombies like the ones in World War Z An ebola-epidemic all over the world. That shit is scary man. A puppy apocalypse.  

It would start with a worldwide cutest drought followed by major depression as the worlds dog population died off.  

Blind people wandering aimlessly into traffic.  The drug sniffing cats failed miserably and the whole dog deprived, depressed world got FUCKED UP on drugs.  

Horrible I tell you.  A puppy apocalypse would be horrible. A metro 2033 style apocalypse where the only remaining pocket of mankind is forever bound to the dank dark metro tunnels.  A sickness that kills people only when they fall asleep. Naked Homosexual Zombie Rapist Nazi apocalypse. World over run by bees. I'm allergic of bee stings so it would be difficult to survive... A socioeconomic apocalypse, that would be the lamest of them all. Bees An accident using black holes as a power source resulting in catastrophic shutdown of the cosmos =[ the one out of adventure time but without the aftermath of good JUST evil like The Lich Rabid hamsters. 
  That apocalyptic book where everyone went blind is pretty horrorfying...  We'll I'm thinking like slow working zombies. By slow working I mean it takes time for them to get infected. And the symptoms start of like a normal cold. No one notices it, people immediately start to change at once. Most of the population the the airborne version of it but bites effect everyone. This would just kill off the world. Like there's nothing you can do in a zombie apocalypse but die.  Attack on Titan. I'm just imagining the caos that would ensue if we lost the internet tomorrow. The Metalocalypse. I wouldn't be angry though.  If everyone just got fat and super lazy that would be terrible. It would be very depressing and we would all just waste our lives away until one day we were all so unmotivated we just gave up. Internet shuts down forever. the kind that kills you Air born penis eating bacteria, highly contagious, only eat the male reproductive organ, human civilization dies out in about 100 years.   A mega asteroid nearly misses us (whew)... but comes so close that it alters our orbit around the sun, essentially putting us into a an elliptical orbit like that of a comet, that goes really close, then really far away.  Our planet is now going to "fall" past the orbit of Venus, then sling shot way out far past our existing orbit, perhaps even into the asteroid belt.  We might survive a few years of greatly varying climate, but we eventually destined to collide with Venus or just die off in the frigid cold long winter of the long, outer orbital loop.   Famine.   I have no mouth but I must scream.... A Lovecraftian Apocalypse I'd say. That or Return of the Living Dead 1.  neutron star coming into our solar system The road. Literally everything is dead or dying. You're best case scenario is just to die quickly. I watched a Top Ten Apocalyptic Events show one time, and like number 6 was a black hole wandering into our galaxy.  

It was just terrifying to think about; this unstoppable everything-eating thing is heading for your planet in a few years, and there is literally nothing you can do about it.  No space program developed enough to escape, even future astronauts on other planets or moons in the solar system would be fucked.  Nothing to do but just wait as it approaches Earth.  

The scientists said that as it approached, it would slowly start overwhelming Earth's gravity.  At first it would feel good, stretching your muscles and easing tension on your bones, but as it neared it would begin to suck our atmosphere.  Soon enough anything not rooted down would begin to float until it was slowly pulled into space to be crushed into the singularity.  If anyone or anything was still alive (nigh impossible) they would finally be able to feel themselves get sucked off the planet's surface and drawn into the black hole.  Poof.  Gone humans, gone history, gone planet.  Absolutely nothing to show that we were ever here.  

And this one was number 6 on the countdown?  Puh-leeze.  

Although the floating part would be pretty cool while it lasted. Robot uprising. It could happen. I had a very vivid and frightening dream a few years ago.  I was walking out of school to my car on a sunny day when everything went dark.  I look to the sky and see a [portal](http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100104214916/zelda/images/0/0b/Twilight_Portal.png) like the one in twighlight princess.  I watched as the world around me slowly became morphed and got sucked into it, and I watched as I got closer to it.  It started sucking me in more and more rapidly and as soon as I got to it I woke up with my heart pounding. The thought of watching the entire world disappear into nothingness is definitely one of the most horrifying things I can think of.  The walking dead, or most of the Romero style universes. unless you die by getting your head blown off or bashed in, you and everyone else will be zombies. Velociraptor apocalypse would be devastating The apocalypse of running zombies... Total destruction from the Stay puffed marshmallow man.  Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I’ve tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice,
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction ice
Is also great
And would suffice. Clown Apocalypse.  Sea level rises a foot a day, forever. Watch as 7 billion people fight to be "King of the Mountain."  Killer bees. The worst kind?  A real one. The sun exploding. 8 minutes of pure terror then nothing. How anticlimactic. 

 gigantic radioactive mutant homosexual (no offense) insect apocalypse People slowly, and quietly, disappear. Everyone you know and love within a month or two. Long enough for you to likely see news articles at first about the missing children.  Amber and silver alerts. Then the world realizes were all just vanishing. 

You have time to wonder if you will outlast your infant child, or if you will leave them behind. And will they vanish as well? Or die of starvation and neglect?  An asteroid made of glitter hitting earth.  i think that the worst type of apocalypse that we could face is that the milky way galaxy and the nearest galaxy (I forgot what it is called) are being slowly pulled together due to gravity.  Sure, it will take millions of years, but there will be so many stars that we could be pulled away from our sun A terrorist attack at the CDC World-wide wilting of vegetables. Plantlife dies off and we lose access to vital nutrients. As much as I love steak and chicken, having no fruits or veggies would be a horrible way for society to break down. Mass scurvy death. Miley Cyrus Zombie clones. The one which never comes Nanobots. 

Ones that have to follow the laws of robotics, so they'd protect humanity by making life hell (that old scenario) and then they wouldn't let you die. While zombies, alien invasion, the Road, and the like would be pretty damn devastating, I'm a pretty simple guy.  In my mind, something attributed to extreme climate change would be a horrible way to live (might not kill us off, but would make life pretty damn uncomfortable until we go the way of the panda or some shit).

Something like Waterworld, only not as filtered through that shitty 90's action movie lens.  The oceans keep rising, habitable land quickly diminishes, and all the while our population doesn't decline.  We're stuck with millions of people living in an area meant for thousands, without the space or resources to built any fancy SimCity 2000 arcologies.  Governments wouldn't have the land or structure to maintain control, and things would eventually go to hell, so you'll either be murdered for your fish jerky or die from lack of fresh water. A genetically modified strain of Ebola, made to be even more communicable than the flu, where the bleeding and pains last for weeks. Kardashian-pocalaypse We became a food source for alien, and they treat us like how we treat our life stocks. Electromagnetic Pulse Wars - Most electronics are permanently damaged thus affecting nearly everything, including transportation and communication, the value of currency, etc.

There are no diseased people. There are not slow moving zombies that can be easily avoided. In America, there'd suddenly be a plethora of healthy, hungry, luxury-free people desperately trying to survive...and a plethora of guns to go with them.

 If the apocalypse happens word-for-word as the Bible describes it, that would be a bit frightening. The one we're heading to. Slow deterioration of everything, where the best we can do is slow the rate of decay. No hope for improvement.  the worst apocalypse is the one where i am the only one left behind. Pakistan and India go into war, Pakistan starts to lose and says "fuck it", think [The Road](http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/RobockToonSciAmJan2010.pdf). Realistic/Plausible scenarios in order of devestation to human civilization:
1 A very large asteroid or comet strike
2 Nuclear war engaged by all nuclear powers, using all their weapons
3 A large coronal mass ejection or solar storm striking the earth


In order of likelihood:
War
Storm
Strike


Asteroid/comet strike
Tsunami, severe storms, darkened sun, years of winter and prolonged crop failure, mass starvation. Coastal areas inundated and destroyed.
Everyone affected, no safe place. Billions dead and civilization set back hundreds of years

Nuclear War
Most major and medium cities of the developed world destoyed. Billions dead and civilization set back a hundred years.
Majority affected, but those outside metropolitan areas, or not target nations probably do ok. Plenty of food remains in agricultural regions.

Solar Storm
Adavanced nations lose electric power for decades. [See Carrington event.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_storm_of_1859) The one that only kills me.  one that confirmed the basic Judeo/Christian/Muslim view of the world... they are all smug enough without being proven right in their superstitious assumptions Any really. Main point is that we know it is coming, when it is coming, and that there is no way for anyone to survive no matter what.  Like seeing the future and knowing when and how you'll die.   Um, revenge of the Finster's. Unleash the undead Ms. Finster on the world. A hip hop apocalypse as it is difficult to say aloud.  I am not sure what it would entail. A plague always seemed scary to me. One that cause bleeding from multiple sores on the skin and stomach and causes your penis to fall off in men and the vagina to close up in women. The scariest would be voluntary compliance on the part of the populace. For all the bad reviews, Host by Meyers (yes, the Twilight author) freaked me out as to how easy it would be for a head parasite race to totally suborn our entire race. Anyone who objects is a backwards troglodyte and immediately discounted in the media and thus by the masses. Send them for "treatment" (implantation) and they return as supporters of the new masters. One caused by peoples' increasing incompetence and laziness; a train wreck here, a widespread food poisoning there, increasing acidity of the ocean and loss of bees causing widespread famine and overhunting of remaining species, then wars destroying the infrastructure and finally chemical and nuclear weapons trashing the planet.  While the wise people hopelessly protest and succumb. fleas ticks and mosquitos  Frogs. Frogs fucking terrify me. The Road.  It would be awful, dismal, horrific, and boring as hell.

(no, I enjoyed The Road, but it was pretty dull at times) the plot of idiocracy, where the dumb people slowly out-populate the intelligent and eventually rule the world....gives me chills just thinking of it The rapture, because I would know I was fucked when everyone disappeared. Bukkakalypse. End of the world by bukkake. Crossed Fast zombies. Almost the genuinely fun zombie experience... but they're fast. Ants; ants everywhere. If everyone died without warning. I kind of want to know the world is ending.... Kind of Spiders. Infinite spiders everywhere. Can't think of anything else that would freak me out more.
Arachnophobics know what I mean The complete and sudden reversal of existence itself. Nothing will ever have existed, not will anything ever exist.  Alien rape-zombie invasion!!! 

On a more serious note: an apocalypse where animals become super intelligent and form their own military and take back the planet. Using humans as pets and we can't understand their language. Basically human/animal role reversal. Human farms and human pet shops etc.  Grey Goo scenario sounds very painful  Kafka's metamorphosis. The kind where either everyone or no ones dies. [ Hey everybody there's a shit cloud coming, Run for your lives!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaYUqXAmXRQ) 

Seriously, I cannot possibly picture a worse death than drowning in shit... It sounds silly, but a bumblebee apocalypse...

Imagine the air filled with bumblebees and everytime you open your mouth you get flooded with those giant bees buzzing around inside of you crazily... Gives me the chills just thinking about it. A highly infectious disease that spreads through any medium or method - like air, water, blood, saliva - and it just fuckin' melts your insides and shuts everything down - whats worse, is that it has a super long incubation period where you show almost no symptoms.  

Like the Shiva virus in Rainbow Six. 

A week of having it and you might not even know it.  grandmapocalypse I'd say if something like what happened in Children of Men. If suddenly everyone in the world couldn't have children anymore would be vicious. Knowing you'd be the VERY LAST generation of human to have ever existed.

Rather than a very quick, suddenly violent end, an elongated, prolonged stranglehold would be immeasurably worse. How about giant wasps take over the world? Slaughter all bees, then humans start to die, wasps take out the rest. [Relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6_T9eiW7CE)  I think if you were the last man alive (Y the last man). Immediately you think: "yeah man, mating time".

But then you give it some thought. You've now ceased being a person, you're now a thing, a commodity. You're just a machine to create babies.

Even if it goes well, you fuck yourself to shreds.

And if it goes bad? Well anywhere from rape dungeon to being killed or castrated specifically so you can't reproduce. Spiders The apocalypse that never happened -- if we were all totally convinced the end was coming, and we all killed each other in an anarchic blaze. And then the end didn't happen after all, but no one was around to find out.

Or, you know, friction just up and disappearing. Imagine not having any friction. /u/storytellerbob ! Paging /u/storytellerbob ! If you ever seen Forbidden Planet   I think the idea that our own thoughts and desires would manifest into our own destruction.  to much crap
 The apocalypse scenario from the Crossed comic series would be pretty dreadful. It's cliche, but the zombie apocalypse.

You don't have enough bullets for them all. If the world was covered with peanut butter Rubber ducks falling from the sky. It starts out cute but turns ugly fast. The ducks start building up and we eventually run out of space to put them. So we drown in a sea of rubber ducks. Giant, man eating zombies start appearing out of nowhere. And the only way to kill them would be in slicing a small section of the back of their necks. Clowns. Everywhere. No internet. Worst apocalypse is best apocalypse. Concept from the TV show Revolution, if electricity had just ceased to exist. The scariest version of the apocalypse is by far *The Road* because it is the most realistic.  You mentioned this question came up because you were looking for new books that responded to it right?  Well on this thread a lot of people have been mentioned if the earth ran out of breathable air. I'd recommend *The Last Gasp* by Trevor Hoyle.  Someone pours water on the Reddit servers. The daemons of Chaos taking over our planet. Now An apocalypse of seagull feet. Everyone constantly being touched, in some way, by seagull feet.
 grey matter Lack of water would really suck here in Arizona.  Precession of the equinox happens suddenly not gradually. If giant dicks fell from the sky Everyone get's covered in that goo from prometheus  I think one day, new species will come out of nowhere leaving us with nothing to eat or wear. the whole world would be Africa. Global Thermonuclear War. Nothing even comes close for human suffering. Watch a movie on Youtube called Threads. A EMP and Zombie apocalypse. It would be much harder to survive without no electricity. Suddenly, every person who knows something about how to build a computer dies, and all knowledge is erased. People would go batshit crazy of computers.

(Or it could be something not important like doctors... pfft) zombie The kind that actually happens. The atmosphere ignites. literally everything is now on fire.Thats not even fun. Ever seen "The Inner Light"-- the Star Trek Next Generation episode? That. Your star dying.

We can survive a solar flare that kills electricity. Until a hundred years ago we got along just fine without it. We can even ostensibly survive a large nuclear exchange. Anything that doesn't make our planet inhabitable for people (wrapping in killer pandemics here) is ostensibly survivable for people.

But at our stage of development, what we can't survive is our star dying. We can't all leave and even if we could we don't know of anywhere that'd be guaranteed safe. The only hope we'd have is a generation ship, and even then, only a small fraction of us could leave on it. It'd have to wander around looking for a safe place to land-- if we're smart about it, a safe place to land the lowest sustainable amount of humans before leaving to look someplace else. And that's a best case scenario. The more likely one is we're just toast. The one with no bacon. Alien invasion by an advanced parasitic race that uses the human body as hosts. They keep us alive to breed their young inside of us through anal impregnation. The young mature and eat us from the inside, slowly. Once our human shells are of no use to them they emerge from our corpses. 

We'd have no hope of defeating them and human existence would amount to us being part of their slow feeding of their young. To add insult to it all what little life we did have would be with one of them growing inside us like some kind of a parasitic genocidal rape. Every artist and band died and the only ones left are justin beiber and one direction. Dick rot Humanity's nervous system would develop exceptionally highly.  Our very nerves will become more sensitive and able to link with other humans.  These nerves will continue to increase in sensitivity to the point that all humans are linked.  Eventually all life and even the Earth itself will join into a Gaia-like unity of sensation and interaction.  Then a blind quadriplegic's balls will start to itch and nobody knows where he is because his caretaker set him up with an automated feeding system and he'll be sustained for years.  I have thought that a sudden (or gradual) shift in our orbit would be the worst possible thing that could happen (rogue planet). In other words the seasons go to shit as the earth's position to the sun swings from much closer to much further. 

On hemisphere would probably be much more livable than the other but due to the drastic season changes the weather systems would probably be obscene. Let's stick to the classics here folks. I say airborne zombie plague. Preferably some kind of virus that survives in the ashes of whatever you burn. The government shutting down... oh yeah. Eliminating all stress-relieving activities  I once had this dream that this crazy disease had been released onto the world, it spread like wildfire. Those that were infected would begin bruising up in the neck region, it would engorge until finally it exploded from the pressure.
No medications worked, once you had the symptoms you were a goner. Understandably, everyone went fucking insane. However, there was a strong minority of people who were not affected at all. In order to contain the disease the government began tagging people infected/not infected. Many people began being killed on the spot in the effort to reduce the spreading of the disease.

Yeah....when I woke up I was terrified, sounds like a terrible way for everything to end..humanity trying to weed out the disease, but just destroying itself in the process The apocalypse in which all advancements are wiped out but the knowledge that it existed (but not how to recreate it) is known by all survivors. Basically everyone sitting around bitching about the day before all day evry day for the rest of time while starving to death because of McNuggets. Everybody becomes a chemistry teacher turned meth cook who eventually gets killed because of everything they've done wrong in their lives. This answer seems to be simple. "What is the worst kind of apocalypse?" One where everyone lives... A celestial anomaly appears, and it's eating planets. Then it turns and approaches us. Flesh eating bacteria apocalypse  The worst kind of apocalypse is the kind that we're actually going to have, whatever it is. The jam apocalypse would be a horrific one Raining cats and dogs literally. My god... Purple death has this one.

But I feel if the whole planet flooded shit would get crazy faster than ever.  The one you survive If somehow 99% of the world became [Bronies](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=bronies). Cumpocalypse. What a way to drown. A virus is modified to destroy everyone's prefrontal cortex, putting everyone into a coma. It spreads, slowly but surely destroying civilization.

You escaped to the mountains, and hid out for months. You think it is safe now, and descend alone. You are surprised to see survivors in the cities, though upon talking to them, you realize something is terribly, terribly wrong.

Only the intensely schizoid have survived. You may be the only sane man for miles and miles, and there are no pharmacists, no therapists, no means to help the insane. 

I'm not sure for whom it would be worse. Having survived several government shutdowns, various "debt limit sky is falling" apocalypses and of course, the recently averted "Twinkie" apocalypse, the only one I really look forward to is the Zombie Apocalypse coupled with the comeback of "Rod Stewart". That's some scary schiz peeps. If someone got ahold of the master keyboard and killed us all in ways similar to how we kill our SIMS characters when we get bored.

You know what I'm talking about Technological Singularity. Machines and computers become self aware and can think for themselves. The apocalypse in the bible would be the worst The earth moving away from the sun. As seen [here](http://www.baenebooks.com/chapters/0743498747/0743498747___6.htm). A nuclear one would be the worst in my eyes. Imagine seeing the dust clouds and flash on the horizon. You know one will probably land near you and disintegrate everything and anyone you know. It's probably not worth running if you see one coming. If you survive, it will be a desolate, harsh, cut throat place sooner or later. You will probably never be able to go outside in your lifetime again. Many children and animals will be born deformed.

All because the few people that 'speak' for and visually represent our countries, developed a culture full of political intrigue, goading, rivalry and mistrust of one another. Mosquitos. Millions of mosquitos. A sudden, drastic increase in the earths atmospheric pressure, causing the sudden and explosive death of all living things. A depressed child gets into a Bio-mechanical Mecha. I was playing Pandemic, and we lost to the disease we had nicknamed "the YOLOs". I think that that would be pretty horrible. Pretty much like the one in The Last of Us.

Everybody transforming into one of them things.. Well, most nerds are preparing for a zombie apocalypse, but are they prepared for a robot apocalypse? [Thinkgeek's Plan B Sling Pack!](http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/f03e/?pfm=Search&amp;t=plan%20b) If the world was suddenly flooded with Carnivorous jam. spiderpocalypse Everyone's dick falls off. Game over. Alpacalypse- demonic alpacas suddenly gain higher intelligence and enslave the human race. These two cheerleaders were housesitting one night and randomly went missing.

Days later, parts of their bodies were found and the guy who ended up killing them was a family man who lived near them.

It was terrifying and left the region really traumatized, because the guy was just a regular local with a six year old daughter of his own.

He [hung]( http://www.nytimes.com/1996/11/03/nyregion/man-charged-in-killings-of-2-girls-is-found-hanged-in-cell.html) himself in his cell a month later. There is a road near me which has a wall running alongside it for about 50 metres. An extremely abnormal amount of cars crash into this wall (I'd say about 20 per year), even though it is completely straight and there is no bend in the road. The people never even seem to hit it hard, just bash into it.

Anyway, supposedly, the reason that they crash into it is because some nights, a dog appears in the middle of the road and makes them swerve away and into the wall and when they look for the dog, it is gone.

I try to avoid the road at night. A favorite in my home town of Grand Canyon, though not paranormal, is of [Glen and Bessie Hyde](http://www.mtexpress.com/2001/01-06-06/01-06-06%20hydes.jpg).  They were newlyweds who decided to raft the Colorado River (through the Grand Canyon) for their honeymoon in 1928.  About halfway through their trip they hiked from Phantom Ranch (the biggest development at the bottom of the canyon) up to the rim  to resupply.  On their resupply trip they met photographer Emery Kolb.

Once they finished the resupply trip they returned to the river and were never seen again.

Once a search was started, their boat was found over 100 miles downstream from Phantom Ranch with all supplies strapped in and intact.  Their bodies were never found.

Almost fifty years later a woman on a commercial rafting trip through Grand Canyon claimed to be Bessie Hyde, and said Glen had become abusive, so she had stabbed him and hiked out.  Five years after that, a male skeleton was found in the home of Emery Kolb with a bullet hole through its skull.  Neither story was ever confirmed.

 My grandparents and their next door neighbors raised their kids together and my dad was really good friends with their son and they played and hung out and stuff pretty much their whole lives. The next door neighbors' son comes home to visit one day and stabs his parents in their sleep, 20-30 times each in the abdomen and chest. The dad died and the mom survived but is now a shut-in. I had to bring her mail one time and she wouldn't even open the latch. I had to push her mail through the slot in the door. Poor lady. By my hometown in Michigan, there is supposedly  a former leper colony that is still inhabited by people with no hair. They are creatively called the melon heads and it used to be a drunken Saturday night thing to drive out and try and spot them. Skunk Ape. It's Florida's version of Big Foot. Supposedly it smells really bad, hence "Skunk" Ape.  When I was growing up there was a strange guy in my town. He was an albino and looked like he was in his mid-forties. Nobody seemed to know his name and I don't know anybody that had ever spoken to him or heard him speak. He wore the same outfit every time I saw him. Long, black coat (a bit like Silent Bob's), black trousers, brown shoes. He would just walk around all day. He was just always around. I remember seeing him for the first time when I was 5 or 6. I pointed out to my mum how white he was (I'd never seen an albino before). I saw him every time I went into town for 20 years. For 20 years he wore the same outfit and he never seemed to age.

The creepiest part: My mum remembers him being around when she was little. My grandparents also remember him being around when they were kids (in the 1930s). He seems to have just always been there. Same age, same outfit for decades. I no longer live in the town but people I know who still do say he's still there now. Hasn't changed a bit. It's strange, the way people talk about him. It's so casual as if it's normal to have a guy in your town who doesn't age, doesn't change his clothes and doesn't speak. The Lemps were a prominent brewing family in St. Louis. [Their mansion](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemp_Mansion), which is still open as a tourist spot, is supposedly haunted due to a history of family madness. At least three members of the family committed suicide in the mansion, and there are reports of a "monkey faced ghost" that is the spirit of a child with Down's Syndrome who was hidden away from public view. Maxdale Bridge. Pretty much everyone in my hometown knows about this bridge and the legend behind it. Here it is in a nutshell:

&gt;The cemetery is haunted by an old man with a limp thought to be the previous caretaker.

&gt;It is believed that an old man with a limp haunts this very old cemetery; some say he was the caretaker. There is also a small old iron bridge you have to cross to get to the cemetery, which is also believed to be haunted. If you go at night to visit the cemetery and you stop on the bridge, turn off your headlights, count to ten, then turn them back on, there will be a man hanging from a noose. He is believed to have hanged himself when he could not save the life of his girlfriend, who had drowned in the river under the bridge.

&gt;A man committed suicide by driving his truck off a small bridge on the road to the right side of the cemetery. Witnesses report a phantom old truck appearing behind them and chasing them for a moment. There are also reports of a sad presence felt through out the entire cemetery.

[Here's a picture of Maxdale Bridge.](http://i.imgur.com/ZvF6UQK.jpg) I have yet to visit the place, but everyone I know who did had experienced some weird shit. Who knows, maybe I'll visit it during Halloween. Essentially, my hometown has a history of mental illness institutions and our elementary school was built right in the middle of a complex of buildings known as the Skillman Epileptic Village. Apparently, their was a story circulating that the doctors had raped the female patients and when they got pregnant the doctors would perform abortions and bury the fetuses in the hospital's baseball field - the same field which our 3rd and 4th grade teachers would take us out to play kickball on. [Robert the Doll](http://www.weirdus.com/states/florida/ghosts/robert_the_living_doll/index.php) was given to a young child in Key West, Florida, by a Bahamian servant skilled at voodoo and black magic in the early twentieth century. The boy would talk to the doll and claimed that it could move from room to room at night, emitting a terrifying giggle. When the family moved they left the doll behind in the attic, and it was found by the new owner's ten year old daughter. She stated that Robert would attack her and threatened to kill her on numerous occasions. The doll is now on display in a museum 104 years later, where you can take his picture - but only if you ask nicely. If not, legend says, you and your family will also be cursed.

Robert was the inspiration for Chucky in Child's Play. Grew up in Gettysburg Pennsylvania.  Literally can't count the creepy/ghost stories. In the Long Island Sound, near a town called Port Washington, NY; there is a lighthouse on a tiny island called "Execution Rocks". According to local legend, back before the Revolutionary War, British officers would tie traitors and villains to the rocks at low tide. As the tide slowly came in, the water would rise, eventually drowning the poor bastards. Once the tide went back out, the bodies would sit rotting in the sun, as an example for all the sailors passing the island.  My hometown was a town in New England that was very active during the witch trials. There's a dirt path that used to be a road (it's way overgrown now, if it weren't for the 'DO NOT ENTER' gate blocking the place you wouldn't even know it was there) by the water tower. So the legend goes that during the witch trial era a couple gave birth to albino twins in a house on that road. They were hidden away from the public for years, until around their adolescence a local boy saw one of them through the windows. They were presumed to be witches, and, as was custom, had rocks tied to their feet and thrown into a local lake as their parents watched to see if they would drown (if they drowned, they were witches. I know this 'witch test' varies but this was the version used in this case). Of course, they did, and the parents were locked in their house by an angry mob led by the local preacher and burned to death. The ghosts of the twins/parents can supposedly be seen at night and it's a very creepy place, if you go down the path.

TL;DR Flaming albino witch ghosts Lorena Bobbit.
  
The penis that she sliced off and threw into a field was about half a mile from my house.
  
[Story](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/20-years-today-lorena-bobbitt-cuts-husband-penis-case-horrified-fascinated-nation-article-1.1379112) This one isnt "supposedly true". http://www.trutv.com/library/crime/serial_killers/weird/robert_hansen/index.html

My Grandfather was one of this guys best freinds. They used to fly airplanes together. He said this bastard had so much control over his plane that he could land its wheels on a peice of sheet paper. 

My mother interviewed to be his secretary, she said he was a little off, but seemed normal enough. The only reason she didn't get the job as his secretary was because she got hired as a preschool teacher at a local synagog instead. We may not be Jewish, but I owe a great deal to the local Jewish community. Who know if she had worked for him, if she would ahve been one of his victims.  Pizza King.

It was a pizza place in the city I grew up in. Apparently someone was murdered and they found parts of his body in the oven. Rumour is he was put ON  a pizza (but never served, that is just how they found him).

I know the murder is true. Whether he actually became a topping is unknown.

**Edit: Fear not residents of Indiana - this was in Canada and Pizza King no longer exists in the city I grew up in. You are free to enjoy your (allegedly greasy and putrid) human free Pizza King pizza. In Merida, Yucatan, Mexico, there used to be a old homeless lady who sat outside of the cathedral every day. The thing is that at midnight a black fancy car would pull over with two men in suit and the lady would go into the car and they will drive out the city (Notice the city isn't that big, so you would be out of it in like 15 - 20 min from downtown).Obviously people noticed and they would follow up the car, but all the cars would break and no one could ever saw where they took the lady. My uncle tried to follow them and he and his friends had a back up plan, they took a 4X4 and two motorcycles on the trunk, so if the car breaks, they still have another way to go on. They did as planned , and when they were on the highway the car broke, so they went for the motorcycles, but they we broke as well.  My friend's father chopped up his wife with an axe, and stufffed the body into a barrel, then threw it into the lake.  

The barrel washed up into the swimming area, and the man died in prison.

 Sarah Winchester was a rich woman, money from the sales of Winchester rifles and she was building a mansion and was sure that it was haunted by the spirits of people killed by the rifles, so she built her house with dead-ends and other oddities.

Thus, the [Winchester Mystery House](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winchester_Mystery_House) was created. On Christmas a few years ago, a family of a girl who went to my high school all sat down to open their gifts and enjoy Christmas Day. Not long into it, the girl's father came into their apartment dressed as Santa Claus. Of course, everyone played along thinking that he was there to surprise the young children etc. He then pulled out a gun and shot them all right there before taking his own life.  There is this abandoned school downtown. It's said to be the 4th school ever built in America so it's super old and creepy.They say if you go into the  boiler room at night you can pay a homeless chick 5 bucks to put a baseball bat up her butt.  There's a bridge near my house that gets flooded over during heavy storms, the old story is that a young woman that lived across the bridge was trying to walk into to town during a stormy day, reportedly she slipped while the water was only 1-2 inches higher than the bridge and she was carried away screaming for help and drowned. When the water gets high enough and is moving fast enough you can here a noise that sounds like a woman screaming coming from downstream. There is a crypt in the cemetary in the town I live in, which has a headless angel on the front vault doors.  You can see her when you shine your headlights on the doors (I have seen this).  There is also a bleeding heart on the side of the crypt that was supposely painted by a girl so the angel would protect her boyfriend.  Legend states he died in a car wreck shortly after and the heart started to bleed.  I was actually brave enough to get out of the car and feel where the heart bled and it does actually feel like the consistancy of blood.  

On a lighter not there is also a crypt in the same cemetary where an old lady was buried in her rocking chair.   On nights where the moon is bright you can hear her rocking her chair in the crypt and if you ask her what she is doing she will say "Nothing".

Edit: There is a crypt in the cemetary in the town I live in......  But I refuse to change There to Their! Not the town I live in but the one next to it (barely a mile away so it makes no difference).

Basically there's an urban legend about a woman who is obsessed with the actor Johnny Depp, and by obsessed I mean she carries around his autobiography everywhere and keeps pictures of him with her and that sort of thing. But that's not the best part...

... She also carries around a plastic baby, and claims that it's Johnny Depp's child, like she actually tells people that its the love child of her and Depp.

Not sure if its 100% true (for obvious reasons) but a pretty interesting (and creepy) story nevertheless. The city cemetery is supposedly haunted by a ghost whose wife died there. He didn't want anyone else to be buried in that cemetery, so he bought the land and "pushed" everyone else out. He ended up dying and was buried on his cemetery property. Now when cars drive down the hill of the cemetery, they are pushed back up the hill. I went to do this and it was quite true... You are still on a downward incline, we put the car in neutral, and the car started to move upwards very slowly. Weiiirrdddd.... I live in Baltimore. The creepiest story was actually on the show 'A Haunting.' Basically demons terrorizing the residents and following them to the hospital and fucking with their cars.  A guy just down the street from me apparently got really attached to one of his female neighbors. They would walk their dogs together, garden, go for runs. Just typical neighborly stuff. 

So he tries to make a move and she shuts him down. 

The next morning he climbs over her fence with a twelve-gauge and shoots himself on her porch. 

I didn't hear the gunshot, but I saw the power washer they had to bring in to get all of the guy's blood out of her deck.  The Kelleyville Killer - A man who around here is rumored to have killed 7 nurses. 

The house where the murderer supposedly lived was widely known around town.

That's false though, because not all of the women he killed were nurses, and they don't actually know who did it, because the guy was never caught. So how could that have been his house, hmm? 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connecticut_River_Valley_Killer In my village, in the time while grandpa was a kid, lived a giant so big that he was sitting on he hills with his feed in the village... and sometimes, my grandpa used to tickle the giant's feet and the giant would laugh only after a week, because of his size.

Also, outside of my village, in the middle of a flat piece of land there is a small, perfectly round hill. Everyone in the village knows that the giant's daughter was playing with dirt and she just put two hands-full of dirt there.

BTW, this is in Transylvania, Romania This isn't creepy in the "spooky" way.  It's more creepy in the "I can't believe people behave like that" way.

In the town where I went to high school, a girl got pregnant.  During the pregnancy, she basically pretended that it wasn't real.  The most literal interpretation of "ignore your problems" possible.  Photos of her drinking and smoking were all over her Facebook.

Then, when she finally had the baby, she continued that pattern.  By leaving the live baby in a dumpster.  Makes me shudder. Um.

About a year after I moved here, the police found a woman cut up and stuffed in a barrel.

[They arrested a guy for it about a month later.](http://www.8newsnow.com/story/11807398/british-man-indicted-in-las-vegas-womans-murder?redirected=true)

This is not the only body-in-a-barrel story for my town. We also like to leave people in burning cars in the desert. Well, I come from a rural area near a monastery. The monastery had a sexual abuse scandal that's still ongoing with allegations and investigations- some of the monks were abusing boys and young men at the preparatory school, the church, and the college. This is also the area where Jacob Wetterling went missing. 

About a decade ago, a local college student went missing. They made posters, got the word out, held vigils, searched the woods and the wetlands, and dived and dredged in the lakes, but they didn't find anything of him. The only clue came early in the investigation, when they brought in hounds to sniff out his trail. The hounds caught his scent from where he disappeared, and led the cops to the doors of the monastery- but the monks barred the police from searching their grounds. 

We have lots of ghost stories in the area- the monk that drowned by the chapel, the weeping sister in the cemetary, the blue light from the Quad and the rumors of the exorcisms that used to happen there. There are also lots of stories of great beasts coming down from the north woods- the cougar, the black wolf, the bear. Those stories don't disturb me half as much as the living, two-legged monsters we know share our hills.  Cincinnati's Dent Schoolhouse...
Around the early 1940's there was a series of missing students from the schoolhouse. Police investigated, but they couldn't find any leads, and the case quieted down. A few years later, in early 1950's, several more students went missing.  Just like the first kids, they couldn't be found either. Eventually a nasty smell started to come up from under the floorboards and everyone began to suspect the janitor, who lived in the basement of the school.  Upon questioning, he vanished. 
A mob of the children's families broke into the basement and they discovered the remains of the children buried within the walls of the basement. Charlie, the janitor, has never been caught and it remains an on going investigation. 
Supposedly, it's still haunted today! Haunted cemetery. I didn't believe it was true. I was wrong. It was well known that ghosts of children that died in a cholera epidemic 100 years ago were still there. They usually just threw pebbles at people, but they also prevented cars from starting, just to piss us off. 
Eventually if we ignored them, they would let the car start. 
The little runts. 

 For 6 years straight at least 1 student committed suicide at my High School. Then my Junior year, the first year in 6 years no one committed suicide. 

However several kids of my graduating class committed suicide a few weeks before and after graduation.  100's of years ago, a woman in the town where I live was excused of witchcraft and punished with death.  When the townsfolk were leading her to the gallows, she supposedly put a curse on the town and warned that one day she'd rise from the dead and terrorize the place she lived and loathed.  To make sure she didn't make a visit to the town after her death, the townsfolk decided to cut her body into two halves so that her body could never join together and rise from the dead.  So, there are two graves for this 'witch'.  One is simply named "Upper Melinda" (Melinda was her name), the other "Lower Melinda".  The only grave that can be found today is "Lower Melinda".  It's kind of a tradition now for kids to go to her lower half of Melinda's grave and "wake her up".  
TL;DR: A witch put a curse on our town.  Body was buried in two halves.   In my area The Stickney Mansion (Aka The house with no Corners) and the surrounding area in Bull Valley Illinois was always the center of the local myths. I always heard these story's growing up, but much to my surprise most of them turned out to be true to some extent. 

We always heard story's about "The house with no corners", as its known to most of the younger kids. It's called this because the house was built specifically to have no corners because the owners/builders where spiritualists and built the house in 1904 and intended the house to be a spiritualist retreat where they can have company over for seances and practice their beliefs, apparently they believed that "corners can trap souls and energy". However by accident the contractors ended up building in one single corner during construction. 

The Myth/story that I heard goes as follows: one night they summoned something "Evil and beyond their control" and life in the house was never the same. Soon after this event the wife was found dead in the house, and then soon after they found George Stickney (the owner) slumped over dead in the only corner in the house. And is still haunted by that spirit/ghost/demon today. 

Ever since, most of the people who tried to move in did not live there very long and was left abandoned for a long time. Since the local police had so much problems with trespassing and vandalism at the house they decided to make it the local police department. And the Story/myth continues that many of the police officers that have worked there have story's of voices, noises, and things they could not explain. 

Here are some links

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Stickney_House

http://www.prairieghosts.com/stickney.html There was this story that some time in the 60's a girl was stabbed to death. All her neighbors heard it happening but none of them helped or called the police because they assumed one of the others would.   Well mine is 100% true. Not sure if you've heard of the murder of Polly Klaas? Young girl kidnapped from a slumber party and killed. It got national attention back in the day... and it's still a scary thought. I live in a small town in Ct that holds the remnants of the little people village. Legend has it a man and his wife were leaving peacefully in my small town about a century ago. Rumor has it the women was a witch, and would hear voice in the dead of night. One day the women ordered her husband to build a village for her, but on a small scale for the fairies she ruled. The man did as she said and constructed an elaborate town for the creatures his wife claimed to rule. He then build a grand thrown for his wife to sit on and over see her people. Though out the construction process his wife would become more enraged by the day, and she eventually killed her husband. She claimed the little people commanded her to. Fast forward to today, and you can go to the ruins of the little town. But if you sit  on the witches thrown, you will die in 7 years. This thread pops up every other week, but damn it, I love it every time. About an hour away from my house is Ohio University, which apparently is very haunted. [The Ridges] seems to be the creepiest part to me. (http://www.forgottenoh.com/Ridges/ridgescemetery.html) London is obviously a weird old place, but a little down the road from me there is an old Abbey and it's Mill. Apparently, a Gypsy queen is buried in the cemetery with all her treasure, and only the current clergy of the Mill know the exact spot where she's buried.
Not too creepy, but I think it sounds cool. There were rumors that there was a rich landowner in a village in Guatemala who was a very brutal man. Every year, he would send one of his employees (he had farms) during the night on some errand. The person would never return. The locals said the people never returned because they were being sacrificed to the devil as part of a bargain that made the man rich. Locals also rumored that the man would dance behind his house while wearing a scary mask and that the next morning, bags of money would appear at his door. The mask is still passed on to the eldest male.

Did I mention the man was my great-grandfather? There was a creepy old man who lived in the Canadian town I grew up in. He looked like what youd imagine a dirty farmer would look. He walked everywhere in the town and his favorite bar was on the Main Street of the town. The story went that he molested  his grandmother before killing her with an axe and that as a result of his crimes he was chemically castrated.  Two boys (both "minors") decided they wanted to kill someone. They talk for hours over WoW and MSN about who, how, where, etc. They "pick" a girl. They ask her to come over, restrain her with ropes and tape, rape her multiple times, kill her slowly, and burn her body under a bridge. 
The news broke when her body was discovered. The gruesome details were only revealed after months of investigation lead to their arrest. They are in jail now but I still shudder to think of this happening so close to my home.  Where I grew up in the mountains of Utah, right in a nice snowy forested neighborhood, there existed a hill known as "Dead Man's Hill" or "Suicide Hill".  

Dead Man's Hill was straight out of something you would get from a few elementary school kid's telling ghost stories each other, which is exactly what it was.  This "hill" was actually an abandoned road that existed on the edge of the neighborhood, extremely steep.  The ice had slicked against it.  What else would an icy mountain road be good for with a bunch of bored children? Sledding of course!  You could start about a quarter-way  down by coming in from a connecting road.  That fucker was fast I tell you, hands down the fastest slope around. Most were scared to go the whole way though.  It was always "friends-older-brother's friend" who started from the top and made it all the way down, you know, those kinds of rumors.  

On a cold winter weekend I went to visit my friend near the outskirt of the neighborhood not too far from the hill. I brought up Dead Man's Hill while his mom was in the room.  She began to tell me how it got it's name.  A father and son had gone sledding down it, and the son had lost control on the slick ice and crashed into the forest at the bottom.  He was seriously injured, and the father carried him to my friend's house for help.  A blizzard had just started up when they called the Ambulance. The mom tried CPR and everything they could do, but the Ambulance was disoriented by the terrible blizzard (anyone who's lived in high areas during snowstorms knows that shit ain't easy) coupled with the web of ambigous forest roads this neighborhood consisted of, they just couldn't arrive in time.  The child died, right there, on their living room floor.  The mother was clearly distressed while telling this story, even got a little emotional, so I know for a fact that it was not made up.  

TL;DR - rumored sledding hill was so dangerous someone died, turns out they actually did.   I lived in Plainfield, Wisconsin, for four months while finishing up a film project during the mid-1990s. There isn't necessarily a particular story, but Plainfield was the stomping-ground for old Ed Gein. I was very glad to have that place in my rear-view mirror. Where I am from in Texas, there is a bridge that is supposedly haunted. It's known as the [Maxdale Bridge](http://www.forthoodsentinel.com/images/photos/8041.jpg) and is supposedly haunted by a man thought to be the old caretaker of the cemetary next to the bridge.

If you go to the bridge late at night you can perform a series of steps to rouse another ghost to appear. The steps are as follows: go at night to visit the cemetery and you stop on the bridge, turn off your headlights, count to ten, then turn them back on, there will be a man hanging from a noose. He is believed to have hanged himself when he could not save the life of his girlfriend, who had drowned in the river under the bridge.

There are even more stories about a phantom truck that purportedly belongs to a man who committed suicide by driving his truck off of the bridge in the picture above.

Further, it is reported that there is an immense feeling of sadness felt throughout the entire cemetary.

There are also a ton of videos [like this one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGbbYhNSnLs) on YouTube of people who go to the bridge. In Cedarburg, Wisconsin at least one student from every class (high school) dies. This is a small town, only 12k or so and the high school is pretty small. From at least 2001 someone has died. Car crash, rare disease, and heroin overdose have been among the causes and all before graduation.  There was a school in this town where they brought children (as young as 4 or 5) that were taken from their parents (often through force or coercion).  They would load up the children into the backs of old army trucks and drive for hours and hours to the school, not stopping at all, so the kids would have to sit in their own piss and shit.  At the school, they would beat these children and starve them (on purpose as experiments). Sometimes the kids would be raped or molested too. Children who died were often tossed into mass graves and the parents never heard about them again. This went on for years and years and years.

All true. I grew up in Port Coquitlam (BC, Canada); home of Terry Fox.

Also home of [this guy.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Pickton)

 I lived a town away from Maltby, WA, known for its THIRTEEN STEPS TO HELL at Maltby cemetery. Basically, there is a cemetery out in the middle of nowhere built into a hillside. There was a buried mausoleum crypt thing with 13 steps down to its door. The legend says that when you reach the last step, you are unable to see out of the hole you climbed down and instead see a vision of hell. Other legends are that the names on the headstones change and people see a dead little girl in all white.   

Lots of great stories from this place in the 60s - 80s. You can even find newspaper articles about teenagers who were taken to the hospital from the cemetery. One dude ended up in a psych ward and later committed suicide. In the late 80s the staircase was bulldozed and they put a concrete slab over the steps. It's still a damn creepy place to walk around at night.   The bubble heads of north county St.Louis.  

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Bubblehead%20Road

 The movie The Conjuring is based off a supposedly true story that happened in the town where I grew up, where my family still lives. In San Antonio, Texas during the 1930s a school bus drove across an intersection of roadway crossed by railroad tracks, and then stalled. A train soon collided with the bus, instantly killing the driver and his ten tiny passengers. To this day, the ghost children allegedly haunt the site to protect others from a similar fate. It is believed that if a car stalls or stops on the tracks, the ghosts of the little children will push the vehicle to safety, their tiny handprints appearing across the rear of the car. There is a road called Turnbull Canyon right between the two cities I grew up in. It is said that weird shit happens when you drive through it. Apparently 'satanic cults' and 'neo Nazi' groups gather/live there too. Specifically, I've heard that there is tree called the "Hanging Tree". Apparently a man was hanged on that tree and if you look at it at the same hour he was hanged, you can see a body swinging from the tree. 

Besides urban legends, a lot of murders take place in that area, or rather, bodies get dumped there. It's just a creepy, winding, uphill road that people typically avoid taking. Nothing ever happened in my hometown, but my father grew up in Little Falls NY, home of [Beardslee Castle](http://beardsleecastle.com/ghostpage.htm).  There are many creepy stories surronding the castle (mostly ghost stories) but the one that creeps me out the most is the guy who stole the skull out of the mausoleum, have some respect for the dead! This happened in Pittsburgh back in 1997... "Lawn Street resident and one-time Pitt student Roy Kirk apparently broke into Hoover's home by boring a hole through a common cellar wall before brutally murdering and dismembering her, according to police."

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5ZPrhkcaMU There are a lot of squatters that live in the old textile mill we used to do some urban exploration in. Needless to say they scared the shit out of us and I now forever hate urban exploration. I live like 5 minutes away from the town, but the Amityville Horror House Well, my home town has had a few bad things happen to it. 

There was a women who bar tended at a local bar in the 90's who was well known and liked. One night an acquaintance of hers got way to drunk to drive home so she gave him a ride. On the way to his house, he overpowered her at a stop sign in a wooded area in the middle of nowhere (I live in the mid west and he lived on a farm) raped and burned her. The woods are still a little sketchy to be in just because of that happening.



 



There was also a murder suicide of a family in my town. During  Christmas the eldest son of a family got mad, went upstairs, grabbed a shotgun, and killed everyone. The total body count was 7, including 3 children ages from 8-12. No real haunting stories about that, but creepy none the less 
 The Bunnyman.
 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bunny_Man.

I'm stuck at work and on my phone, otherwise I'd type up the story instead of leaving just the link. A man murdered his wife, wrapped her up, drove her out, and buried her in the hills. When he got caught, his defense was that his teenage daughter did it while sleepwalking and he hid the body to protect her. This was a girl who went to my school at the time. It was on 20/20 and everything, so the school had an assembly about it so we'd hear it from them first. 

Now that I think of it I'd kind of like to dig up that episode, but I can't remember any of the names. Does anyone remember seeing it? Not so creepy, but the town I lived in when in the US was supposed to be safe because the head of some mafia lived there, and his daughter was going to school there. 

Also, we were afraid of a "witch's house" in my town.  A few years later, I became friend with the girl who lived here. This IS a true story:  A girl I went to high school/worked with/was sorta friends with; got shot in her sleep in the back of the head in the middle of the night.  They did it right next to her sleeping baby, and it was never solved.  It always creeped me out that someone could do something so horrific in such a small town and they couldn't find ANY evidence as to who might have been involved.  So sad :( Many years ago - before the Civil War, a wealthy family owned a large farm near Springfield, Missouri.  Although they lived a life of comfort in a gracious antebellum period, the family was plagued by madness and murder and eventually the family fortune ran out.  

The story I heard was that the family moved away leaving their albino caretaker at the farm and he murdered people - or that the albinos murdered the family and moved in - or that the family was inbred and so they were all crazy albinos.  When I was growing up,the property was just called "The Albino Farm" and we would park down there and scare each other into believing we had seen a hatchet wielding albino creeping toward the car or campfire.  

Here's a pretty good website with some pictures.  
http://paranormalexperience.wikifoundry.com/page/Haunted+Springfield

The next creepiest is the Joplin Spook Light.  This is another pretty well documented phenomenon that I have personally experienced.  
Remember, I was a teenager in a small town with limited entertainment options.  When we weren't cruising out to the Albino Farm scaring each other stupid, we went to Joplin to see the spook light.  I've been there several times, but only had the one experience.  

My boyfriend and I drove out to the spook light road very, very late at night.  It was close to 2 or 3 in the morning and so there wasn't any traffic.  

We parked at the edge of the road and talked and played tonsil hockey for an hour or so until my boyfriend spotted a green light in the distance.  Boyfriend joked "Hey, maybe that's the spooklight."  and he started the car.  

The light danced at the end of the road for a minute or so while we watched and tried to figure out what it was - wasn't headlights, wasn't an airplane, didn't look like a flashlight - until the damn thing shot up the road and over the hood of the car lighting the interior like a camera flash.  Boyfriend says "Eff this!" turns the car around and we were out of there!   A girl in my hometown (in Michigan) was raped and agreed to testify against her rapist.  Shortly before the trial, she and her baby daughter disappeared.  She was later found at the bottom of a lake with a bag over her head.  Unluckily for the rapist/murderer, she was found 75 feet across the line designating federal land, which meant the murderer was tried, convicted, and given the death penalty.  (If you don't know, the death penalty is not an option in Michigan unless the victim is found on federal land.)  The daughter was never found, nor were three men also believed to be victims of the murderer. I live down the hill from an elementary school whose backyard (outside of the fence, behind the recess field) is just woods. A couple of decades ago, a kid who lived in my neighborhood was riding his bike by those woods when some older boys decide to steal his bike. After stealing the bike, they fear the repercussions so they kill the kid by shoving stones down his throat.  Ah, Philadelphia has so many good ones. My own favorite involves a place called Baleroy Mansion that is, allegedly, the most haunted home in America. It originally belonged to the Meade family (as in the Civil War general). 

For starters, when it was being built, two of the Meade kids were playing around its fountain. When they looked in, the one brother had a skeleton as his reflection and died shortly after. His ghost is supposedly still seen around the place. 

In addition to him, the mansion holds all sorts of old artifacts belonging to people like Napoleon and Thomas Jefferson and it's said all of the original-item-owners can be found. Supposed to be a couple hundred of them. 

Easily the scariest is the ghost of the Blue Chair. I believe the last Meade who owned the place called her "Amelia." Any way, she supposedly kills anyone who sits in that chair (or maybe just those she doesn't approve of since that Meade guy happily sat in it during interviews and he lived to a ripe old age). 

Sadly, while old man Meade was totally into his place's reputation and letting people check it out, the new owners don't allow visitors (at least not for ghost-hunting purposes). Not sure why you'd buy an infamously haunted house when you want privacy but thems the breaks I guess. 

EDIT: Well fuck, life is strange sometimes. As soon as I get home after writing this post on the train, I learn that my family is invited to a Halloween party at Baleroy. Seems the people who bought it are old neighbors/friends and I had no idea. So yeah, if I see any "ghosts" I'll be sure to let reddit know.  A few years ago, there was this serial killer who operated in my town and was very good at covering his tracks. He lived un-captured for a few years and was only caught when someone called the police to report a strange man in their neighbor's house. The whole thing ended in a car chase through the business district where the guy was caught and put up. He was the talk of the town for some time, he even had a nickname taken from his preferred way of killing. He was called the "Scranton Strangler." About a mile northeast of town there is a small patch of land that is the site of a mass grave. There is one headstone directly in the center. People have reported seeing little girls in the middle of the road while driving past after midnight. The Dog Suicide Bridge. [documentary here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ysvn2JDzVw8) [Gore Orphanage](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gore_Orphanage). Local legend is that an orphanage burned down on the site, and a lot of kids died. [Supposedly on certain nights you can still hear children screaming.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_cVQkVVgwg) Supernatural did an episode very loosely based on the legend. Some asshole named Sherman set the place on fire. Oniontown.

It's a small community of (supposedly) inbred and crazed rednecks.

You can google it. They have a habit of throwing rocks at unfamiliar cars. They are rumors that they've tried shooting at vehicles as well. The town is also one road that ends at a dead end which doubles the scary factor.

It's in Dutchess or Putnam County in New York l, I believe.
 There's a story of a girl at my high school that suffered some pretty horrifying bullying at the hands of the volleyball team. She had some self-esteem issues because of it and was emotionally unstable, so one day she skipped class and hung herself on the second story of the south gym. 

Now her ghost likes to fuck with the volleyball team, especially late at night when they're coming back from games.  Fairly long story. But its a good one, I promise.

Haunchiville, aka Midget-town. There was a street that supposedly if you went down, you would be attacked by the gang of little people that lived there.

Well one day, my friends and I decided to explore the validity of this claim. So on a cold Saturday night in January we set out to find it.

We drove to the spot, and found that the paved street sort of ended after a few normal looking houses and a dirt road continued on the rest of the way leading to a small farm-looking building with a lone light shining around it. Beyond it was thick woods. On both sides of the dirt road were what looked to be corn fields. It was hard to tell since there was snow covering them.

I didn't want to get in trouble with the law for trespassing. So my idea was to park the car somewhere nearby so that if someone caught us on private property, they wouldn't get my plates.

So we ditched the car and started down the dirt road on foot.

All of a sudden, a car with its lights off comes barreling down the dirt road from behind us. We all dash to the side to avoid it as it screams past us. Then it stopped. It turned around. And just sat there. It's lights shined on.

That was enough for us. We ran back toward the paved part of the road when at least half a dozen cars drove up to the divide between the dirt and paved parts of the road. They all parked on either the left or right side of the road and just sat there. 

We were now between a rather old looking car with its lights shining on us and a line of cars waiting for us to try to escape. The corn fields really weren't an option since they were knee deep in snow. We did the only thing we could do. We RAN.

We all ran as fast as we could past the line of cars to where I had parked my car. We climbed in and took off. 

After a few minutes of freaking the fuck out, one of my friends in the backseat said "I think they're following us." Sure enough, when I turn down one road then back up another the same car is behind us. The same car from the dirt road.

We lost our fucking minds.

I tried everything to lose this car. Unfortunately it was late at night and there wasn't a lot of traffic. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity I no longer saw him behind me. We drove the rest of the way home with no more incidents. 

I pulled into the cul-de-sac that one of my friends lived at the very end of. We say our goodbyes, and the rest of us pile back into the car and head to our next stop. Lo and behold, as we get close to the entrance to the cul-de-sac, we see the the old car that had been following us.

We froze in the car not knowing what to do. The driver side door opens with a loud creak. A man gets out. He's a rather tall and lanky-looking man. Old too. He stares at our car for a few seconds, spits out what I assume was chewing tobacco, gets back in his car, and drives away.

That's it. That was the last time any of us had tried to find Haunchiville. We never saw any little-people. None of us got a good look at the interior of any of the cars that tried to block our exit. We never saw or heard of that old car ever again. I live about a mile from the [Mendota Mental Health Institute] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mendota_Mental_Health_Institute). Thats where they keep the criminally insane of the midwest USA. It seems like we get recorded messages every week from the police about crap that went down there. One gentlemen named Graham Stowe escaped a couple months ago, stole a golf club from my neighbor's garage! I applied for a job there, didn't get hired but they gave me a tour of the place. Pretty interesting. Ed Gein died there! Yeah my friends won't hang out at my house because the [smoke stack] (http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/23913377.jpg) there looks creepy as shit! I don't know that this necessarily qualifies as creepy, but back in 1919, 21 people were killed and 150 injured by a [tidal wave of molasses](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Molasses_Disaster) in Boston. I went to school with [this kid](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/07/jaren-michael-kuester-cha_n_3233347.html). I was actually friends with him. He was pretty quiet but had a decent sense of humor...I remember having good conversations with him at parties and whatnot. He was also known to be the guy you didn't want to be on the bad side of. I never saw it in action but he had a notoriously bad temper. After graduating, I'd see him at the occasional party, but pretty much lost contact with him. I heard from mutual friends that he was becoming a bit unstable. Still I was not anticipating that kind of meltdown. 







Linked article TL;DR: man drives into country, breaks into random home, proceeds to brutally murder homeowner, homeowner's brother and wife w/ a fire poker. 



 In my town we have a road where if you count the bridges, there are seven out to the dead end, and six back. It's supposedly haunted and people dare others to drive it at night. OH AWESOME I can finally answer one of these sorta even though itll be buried.
So I live in a small town in New York and right near my house there was a house inhabited by a lonely old man.  We used to walk passed his house when we were younger and not gonna lie, its creepy looking.  There is a dark path instead of a driveway and the trees and bushes cover the majority of the house.  Its sorta like a cave of trees and whatnot.  Anyway, one of my friends told me once that the man had reported his wife missing around thirty years ago. Kinda creepy or whatever.  We were young so we made up stories like the obvious one: maybe he murdered his wife. maybe she was abducted by aliens.  Whatever, I always thought this was just people trying to scare me.  This was around six years ago. Turns out this passed summer, the dude died of old age.  They go in his house and find that he is an extreme hoarder. ALSO, the remains of his missing wife were found by a contractor in a makeshift wall he had built. Best example I've ever lived through that was like a neighborhood myth and actually turned out to be true.  Dude got away with murder literally.

[THIS](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/16/nyregion/amid-junk-at-hoarders-house-his-missing-wife.html?pagewanted=all) is the article if anyone is interested.

I hope at least one person reads this as this is the only askreddit post ive ever been remotely relevant for Near my hometown in Jersey there is apparently a village of midgets. They all live in tiny houses bulit for thier size (which is hilarious btw). Rumor has it that if a non-midget tries to visit this oompa-loompa land they get shot on site.  Clinton Road in North Jersey. Apparently it's the scariest road in America.

Also, Demon Alley, which my school bus actually drove through in the mornings. Those abandoned houses were pretty creepy looking.

http://weirdnj.com/stories/clinton-road/

*added some background. Northeast Ohio.



I live about 35 from Youngstown. The area I lived in I guess was a prime stop to "drop" of dead bodies from mob related incidents.




One of the stories I heard was that someone( one of the Sheriffs of the area IIRC) made someone mad (the Mob) and the Mod ended up taking the Sheriffs son tying him to a tree/post and cutting off his genitals and stuffin them in his mouth and let him die.




My old boss said that it wasn't unusual to hear hikers and other people finds bodies around the area. I grew up in a fairly popular surf town in Southern California. Apparently a surfer disappeared one morning. About a week later one of his friends was surfing the same spot, pushed under a wave, and basically dove face first into what was left of his body, leg stuck between a couple large rocks. My city has a "living museum" which is basically a huge fake town, each street is a different time era and there's old buildings and houses in it. Some are just remakes of the old ones but some are the original buildings. I actually worked at the hotel there for three years, which was a rebuild but was still creepy as fuck.

There's one original house called Firkin's House which was built in 1911 and donated to the park. The owner of the house was a dentist and his (young) son died in the house and is said to haunt it. People have apparently seen a woman in the halls, a sickly boy, heard humming and singing, etc.

People would come in constantly to my hotel and ask if it (the hotel) was haunted, which I would tell them it wasn't (it was built in 2007) and that they should check out Firkin's House for something like that.

I'm not sure on the truth of it all. The whole park freaked me out whenever I was alone or night or if, on the rare occasion, I had to walk around it by myself at night. It's definitely full of life and history there so I would be surprised if the whole park was flitting with ghosts.  True story and terrifying: In my hometown of Rochester, two highschool kids, one freshman one senior, were't given their allowance by their parents. In hopes of getting the "fortune" they thought their parents had, they shot and stabbed their parents, stuffed 'em into trash bags and hid one in the basement and one in the attic. They then proceeded to call their parents out of work each day and themselves out of school. They even threw parties at the house with the bodies in it. Eventually the parents' employers got concern and had the police run a wellness check on them. They of course found the bodies and went down to the school and busted them. One was arrested in my teacher's class and one of my friends used to be neighbors with the nut cases. Years ago, two girls were kidnapped and murdered just outside of Morgantown, WV. The bodies were found, beheaded, but the heads were never found. A few years ago, a friend snapped this photo while fishing in the backwaters of Cheat Lake.

http://i.imgur.com/Y4W5eBM.jpg

The picture is real...I suppose could be interpreted or explained, but it creeped me out enough. My boyfriend tells a story from the town where he used to live. It was told to him by his best friend's mother who repeated the story often. 

When she was a little girl, her mother woke up to someone standing at the foot of her bed. By the time she screamed and jumped out of bed, the person ran down the hallway and out of sight. Her father grabbed his shotgun and found the thing in the kitchen. She described it as a woman with messy matted hair and long filthy nails. Her dad chased the woman out of the house and she swears that before the wild woman reached the woods, she dropped down on all fours and continued running like an animal. 

The town sent dogs out to follow her trail, but every dog either came back injured or never returned at all. 

Her family had not been locking their door and from then on made sure to. It was a good thing because one night something tried opening their door. When it realized it was locked it started beating and scratching at the door. She says she still remembers listening to the grunts.

They say a woman had gone missing in the woords a few years prior and they wondered if maybe it was her and she had gone insane and wild.

This was in Tennessee. Apparently the Toys r Us in my town is supposedly haunted. As legend goes... the daughter of the founder of the town fell down the well and died at a very young age. The well was subsequently closed up and her ghost spooks night managers for a living. They even brought out and exorcist to rid the spirit from the dora explorer doll section.
 I live in a small town and nothing scary ever happens here. So the creepiest story we have is of a man who stopped at a road crossing, because he forgot where he was going, and so he just stood there. Within 15-30 minutes of home:*Shades of Death Road*Jenny Jump*Ghost Lake*Belvidere Courthouse*Hotel Belvidere*Shippen Manor*Warren Graveyard*Washington CemeteryWithin an hour or so of home:*Red Mill in Clinton*Union Hotel in Flemington*Devil's TreeAnd so many more... &gt;Idaho Falls - The Lot - Legend has it that a house once stood on the spot where now is only a deserted lot, fenced in and hidden by the overgrowth of trees. There is no longer power or water service to this lot, but many people walking by have heard the sound of running water and seen the leaves of the trees light up as if the house were there and the rooms were lighted. Several witnesses have been inside and have reported that there are spirits of a family murdered by the father roaming around the yard. After roaming and exploring, a young man and his brother were spooked by sudden screams and tried to leave the lot, he knocked the ladder over and tried to climb the inside of the wall. He felt as if there were nails hammered through to the inside and he was being scratched. When his brother righted the ladder, they both climbed over the fence and escaped. The young man still has the scars, but there are no nails or nail holes in that fence and none of the neighbors had heard a thing. Also on several occasions that the 'apparition' of the house that stood there would appear with lighted windows. Upon further surveillance, figures could be seen passing by the windows and opening the front door. Children could be heard playing in the front yard, but could not be seen because of the high fence.

Taken from [here](http://www.theshadowlands.net/places/idaho.htm) if you've every heard of buffalo ridge in Cincinnati ohio, i live right down the street from there. also off of buffalo ridge there's a road that's been closed for a while called thunder that charles manson supposedly used to go down to sacrifice animals and stuff before he was in prison. if you walk down it there's a couple different parts where you can see pentagrams on the ground. it's just kind an all around creepy area to be in even if you don't know any of the stories associated with it I used to live in Whitewater, Wisconsin and the surrounding area a few years ago. Whitewater is a hotbed for cult lore, to start its 3 cemeteries form a perfect triangle (and named the Witches Triangle). The water tower is said to have been cursed by a witch and there has been at least 1 death there according to tales.

As for the university it's said several buildings are haunted, mainly due to a few suicides that have happened there. While I lived in the town a student hung himself in the graveyard as well, I'm sure there are already rumors surrounding that by now. There are also rumors surrounding a fire that happened quite some time ago but I forget the details on it.

A few miles south is where the [Beast of Bray Road](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beast_of_Bray_Road) supposedly inhabits. Legend says its a large wolf like being that roams the road and can sometimes walk upright. The nearby town of Delavan used to be a circus location and it's said the beast is likely some kind of animal that escaped. I've driven the whole length of the road and didn't see anything but it seems everyone in the area knows someone who knows someone who's seen it.

 The "Exorcist House" is a couple blocks away from my childhood home in the neighborhood. I didn't find out about it until my teens and unfortunately there are no interesting local urban legends or stories based on it that I can provide. They just did an episode of Ghost Adventures the other night on it, I believe. My mom was staying at her boyfriend's house and smelled something burning, but she remembers that it didn't smell like normal wood burning. She said she never smelled anything like it. It turns out that the neighbor's son who had slashed her tires earlier that week was schizophrenic. He murdered his parents, chopped them into pieces, and burned them. The son fled, but he was eventually found in Mexico and extradited to the US. He's now in a mental facility. In my town, we had Munger Road. Someone actually turned into a movie a few years back. I never saw it, so I'm not sure how much it stuck to the original wives tale.

The summarized bit is that a school bus of children got stuck on rail road tracks on Munger Road. A train came and hit the bus.

Local high school kids (myself included) would always go to Munger Road, and put their car in neutral on the tracks. Legend had it that the children would come and try to push your car of the tracks to save you.

**Why it was terrifying:**
First of all, Munger Road was this little deserted road in the middle of the woods, few cars would ever come down it.
Because it was usually winter when kids would be bored enough to do this, the windows would fog up from everyone's heavy breathing.Then, because you were probably driving your mom's minivan, there were oil stains of hand prints on the windows, so as the car fogged up, you would see hand prints all over the windows (children pushing you off the tracks).

Finally, you put your car in neutral so the "kids" could push your car off the rail road tracks... and because the road was an a slight incline, your car slowly rolled off the tracks.

I have to admit, it was pretty freaky.
 There was a car accident on the highway near an adjacent cemetery.  The victim was thrown from the car and landed on a grave...oddly, the gravestone had his name on it (not sure if it was a relative with the same name or an unrelated coincidence).  Look it up--it's in the Weird NJ book!  True story! There's a really creepy UFO story about my hometown in Cape Girardeau MO. I grew up fishing by Red Star which is where all of this supposedly went down and never knew about this story until I was older. Gives me a creepy feeling. Here's a link to the whole story:

http://www.ufocasebook.com/missouricrash.html I live in a VERY small town.  Everyone  at my work thinks I'm very popular, but really..it's a SMALL town I'm from (clarity, I work roughly 15 min away in another state).  My ex-friend/bosses mom was doing laundry late at night at the local laundry mat.  All anyone knows is that the next morning there was blood on the floors and she was missing.  No one has found her still and this is going on roughly 20 years. Not paranormal, but this [story really is true.](http://www.wlwt.com/Man-Dies-In-Fall-From-TV-Tower/-/9838586/10445824/-/sxyl4xz/-/index.html) 

A guy climbed a radio tower near my school and when he fell, he was sliced into several pieces that were littered all around the area. Someone found his hand just sitting on the sidewalk, then looked up and saw his severed torso up in the tower.

Just thinking about it makes me feel sick  [John Jamelske](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Jamelske) built a bunker off of his basement and would keep women in there for months at a time. He would rape and brutalize them then release them near their homes. He owned another house about a mile down the road from where I grew up. And, he used to buy his groceries at the store I worked at in high school and college. To this day he still thinks he did nothing wrong. I live in a cul-de-sac and I'm fairly certain that my neighbors are cold blooded killers. They moved in a month ago and we've seen neither hide nor hair of them since. My son saw them digging in their backyard one night and has this half-cocked theory that they're nocturnal feeders(at least according to his friend Ricky Butler). Anyways, me and a couple of neighbors are watching the house at night. All of a sudden one of the Huns drives their garbage down to the street and bangs the hell out of it with a stick. I've never seen that. So the next morning we went and dug through their trash. Nothing! Then my neighbor's wife, Bonnie, finds our other neighbor's dog. She's filthy and looks like she hasn't been home in a few days. So we go over to Walter's(my neighbor) and find his house empty. The tv is still on, but there's no sign of a struggle. All we find is his toupee. These old men don't leave their homes without their rug. I figured he had to leave in a hurry and felt bad for breaking into his home, so I wrote him a note and slipped it back through his door, along with his toupee. 

The next day we decide to go over to our neighbors' house and pay them a visit. It was as awkward as you'd expect. It came to a boiling point when my neighbor asked Herr Klopek what he had in the GD cellar. It was at this time I found a stack of Walter's mail and his toupee. The same toupee I slipped back through his door! I'm now convinced my neighbors are cold blooded killers and their latest victim is Walter!

I've decided, tomorrow, as soon as they're gone, I'm going over that fence, and I'm not coming back until I find a dead body. Nobody knocks off and old man in my neighborhood and gets away with it.  There is an old story about Gore Orphanage in my town, a place called Vermilion in Ohio. The story goes, an orphange was set on fire by a pyromaniac who worked at the orphanage as a janitor back around 1900 or so. He supposedly baracaded the doors so no one could get out and killed about 60 kids and the staff who worked there. On certain nights you can here the fire crackling and hear faint screams. Everyone around heere knows someone who was there amd saw a ghost and could smell the smoke. They even used the Gore Orphanage story on an episode of Supernatural. They changed the story some. It is the episode where Sam and Dean go to a Supernatural convention and run into a bunch of Larpers. Pretty funny episode I don't know, my mom raised me saying that she killed and buried her first four children that didn't listen to her. Could be legit. There's a place near me called Catfish Plantation that's now a restaurant where some people died or something. I have a friend who worked there for years who claimed it was haunted and he wasn't one to be superstitious.  In 1697 there were Witch Hunts in Paisley Scotland (not my hometown, but they're right next to eachother so close enough). There's a plaque on the spot where 6 of the 7 people convicted where burned (one man hung himself in his prison cell), with a horseshoe and the inscription -  "Pain Inflicted, Suffering Endured, Injustice Done". I've been told by older residents that there's a myth surrounding the memorial, if it were ever removed the town - once a booming hub of industry and origin of the Paisley Pattern - would lose all it's prosperity. Well, in 1970 the original was stolen. I'm told some residents heard screams and smelled burning for weeks after the theft. The town went into a decline from which it has never recovered, it's a hellhole now. There is a new plaque on the spot, but there's no sign of better times for the locals. In my town there's a lighthouse that looks out into the ocean. Supposedly it's haunted by the spirit of a lady who lost her husband at sea. She used to be seen walking in the lighthouse back in the day waiting for him to return. There is a bridge near my hometown called Mummy Bridge, the story was somebody found a prostitute all chopped up in a garbage bad in the river, people will go there at night and scare themselves into believing it's actually haunted. I just like the area.  There's a woman who lives in the woods and craves psychotic messages into the trees, including peoples names and how she'll kill them.

It is true though, I think she was taken under involuntary psychiatric hold last year after a dog walker reported her. Texas suburb here. 

Unknown years ago, there was a high school varsity football player that was in a fatal crash on his way home from a game. 

Local legend says that after every home game, his ghost runs a lap around the track. Lots of friends claim to have seen him.  I live in a town where there's an old mental asylum (now a university). There are so many stories about escaped mentally unstable convicts and now there are plenty of ghost stories about the campus...I don't know any specific ones, but I know there used to be sirens that you can hear throughout the town when someone escaped.  The Zodiac Killer is still around here in Vallejo, CA.  [John List murders](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_List) in peaceful Westfield, NJ. The Union County area was a hotspot for crazy killings in the 70s but this one was the worst. 
The List family lived in a big mansion in Westfield. John List lost his job and got behind on mortgage payments really quickly. He would go to the train station and just sit there every day to give his family the illusion that he was still working. They were completely out of money. He saw it as welfare or kill his family. So, he methodically shot and killed his mother, wife, and 3 teenaged kids one day. He sent notes to the kids' schools saying they were going on vacation, stopped mail &amp; milk deliveries to their house, laid the bodies out on the living room floor, and fled. It took a month before anyone thought the family's absence was suspicious. 

Little did they know...their mansion had a Tiffany stained glass skylight in one of the rooms. If they'd sold it, it would have completely solved their financial issues. 

I drive by the lot their house was on fairly often. Creepy.  This is not too specific, but in my hometown of Anchorage, Alaska, a neighborhood called Spenard is known for being rough.
A "Spenard Divorce" is chopping your spouse up and stuffing them in a wood stove--based on a true story. In the hills near my city there was a serial killer who would hang out in the forest on trails and kill people who walked by. There is also an abandoned mental institution in the forest about a 10 minute bike ride from my house. [Cannock Chase](http://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/forum/index.php?app=blog&amp;blogid=3417&amp;showentry=26035) near me (about a mile away) is always making the news for something. The link above lists some things, but obviously they are just legends. Their is an old RAF base in there, Castle Ring (the site of an old fort - I think it's bronze/iron age) and there was POW camp (Which I'm guessing is the reason we have the German war cemetery and a Katyn memorial).

It is creepy up their especially at night as you're quite likely to see reflections from deer's eyes and the reflectors near the edges of the roads. I don't really believe in the paranormal, but did see something with my ex and her family. We drove down a hill towards an oncoming set of headlights. As we passed there was no sound and no visible car. As we looked around, there was nothing else there. Being a bit spooked, we spoke to my ex's nan who worked at the visitor centre about it. Once we told her what happened she was able to tell us exactly where it happened. Apparently it was a fairly common thing to happen. The story goes that a young girl had broken down at the bottom of a hill and another car came along and ploughed straight in to it. The big gigantic tree that's essentially the landmark of our lone highschool, used to be the hanging tree back in the days before the school was built. There are sketches and stories of the people that were hung there. 

Not coincidentally, my high school was a former Indian boarding school where children died (unmarked graves in the back and in the woods) of smallpox and three nuns had hung themselves in the school. Rumors are that at night, people see them. 

It's also the one of two "documented" haunted places near Green Bay, Wisconsin.  Re-posting this from a /r/Supernatural thread.

I'm going to be a little vague about it because of something that ended up happening with the pastor that owned the cabin. Anyway.

The story goes that a local pastor back in the 70's and 80's had a cabin that he'd let people stay in sometimes. Small place, just a couple rooms and beds and all that, nothing special, except he kept one of the doors chained and locked shut, and some stories mention that there were children's shoes nailed all along the walls near the ceiling. The story he'd tell the people staying in the cabin was that once you go to bed and turn out the lights, you do not get out of bed no matter what. Once you get in bed, you stay in bed until sunrise.

The rest of the story goes that his family had, for the lack of a better way of describing it, a demon. Some stories around here just call it a creature, but a lot of them specifically call it a demon. Someone in the family had been involved in some stuff they shouldn't have been involved in, and had managed to seal a demon in this cabin, behind the chained and locked door.

Well, the story I heard from one of my friends' dad's is that when he and his brother were in their 20's, they stayed in that cabin one night, and decided to see what would happen if they got out of bed. Friend's dad's brother got out of bed, while friend's dad stayed in bed. He said he heard the chains rattling and sliding loose from the door, and the locks hitting the floor, and a few moments later his brother starts screaming, and a loud "THUMP" sound every few seconds. His brother ran back to bed, covered up, and didn't say anything the rest of the night. He said he heard the chains go back and the locks lock again, which made no sense because it was on the outside of the door in the room they were in, and they were the only ones in the room. The next morning, the brother said he couldn't see what it was because it was pitch black, but it felt like he was being beaten by a heavy stick.

Now, what it probably was.. back in the mid 90's, the pastor was arrested for child molestation. The cabin where this all happened ended up getting burned down to the ground. He apparently scared the kids that were staying in the cabin, saying he'd "protect them from the house" and other stuff like that, to coax them into whatever it was that he wanted to do to the kids. Guy ended up dying in prison, I think. midget village.
in the area i live there used to be a village of midgets and dwarfs, but in the mid 70's it was abandoned. stories more interesting than the location, just like 40 or so 1:2 scale houses.   Grew up in Frederick, MD. There is an old mansion that (until recently) was the Catholic prep school. When the mansion was still lived in by the original owners a servant of theirs ended up falling in love and becoming pregnant by the owner's son. The son was sent to a school up North, but the servant was buried alive in the walls and left to die. The son was told she had run away from the estate. A lot of the kids who attended the prep school told stories of doors that are left open being closed, or seeing strange shadows. Her ghost still haunts the building and since its a historic landmark I'm sure Agnes will be around for awhile.  A student supposedly died from self-immolation on the western bay front part of my college campus. A brief google search doesn't turn up any newspaper stories, but the story was heavily circulated around campus when I was a student there and was supposed to have happened in the 80s. The story goes that one of the police officers found the body by the bay in the early morning. I always accepted the story as true. I heard it so often from so many different people with the same facts that it rang true, though I didn't investigate further. There was another story that a girl committed suicide in the single room dorms (the ones where you didn't have a roommate) and her body wasn't found for a long time since she had suffered from depression and the other students just assumed she was avoiding them. I only believed in that one partially (I don't doubt someone killed herself, but doubt that it took that long to find the body). 

By the time I got there, the college had a "Fall Break Week" in the middle of October and the unofficial reason was to give students a bit of a break, even though it was early in the year, so they wouldn't go nuts and kill themselves. 

The western side of campus (where the suicides supposedly occurred) was also said to be haunted and I do believe it though I don't have any good stories to share with you (just a few small personal experiences). 

Anyway, it was pretty creepy to me at the time. I lived on the western side of campus for a year and lost my mind a bit, which was when I started to believe that the area was haunted, but some students did pretty well there. There is a black death mass burial grounds on the empty plot of land in front of my house, it has been vacant for as long as I've been alive and all planning permission for the land gets denied because the grounds are too toxic still. I live in Tenby, a coastal town in Wales. Almost ten years ago, this young guy comes down for the weekend, and disappears one night. They've got him on CCTV leaving the pub, and they catch him on several other cameras as he's making his way to his hotel. The road he's walking is just big old hotels, and most have cameras somewhere near the entrance. He leaves the sweep of one cameras vision and doesn't make it to the sweep of the next. He's gone forever.

Now the road here runs parallel to the beach below. It's not possible to fall far from where he would have been at this point, as there's little gardens and walkways staggered down towards the beach. But if you were trying, you could get through to a vertical drop and fall off. 

So that seems likely. The weird thing is, his cards and wallet were found stacked in a little pile on the beach nearby. Only the tide comes in and would have washed them away had they been deposited there in the night. So they got there in the day, sometime, hours after he disappeared and at a time when there'd have been people around.

There've been a couple of false confessions, but at the moment there are no leads. If you see the street he disappeared on, and the short distance - maybe ten metres - to the next camera, it's spooky. Not where I'm currently living, but my hometown.

There's a mall in the older part of the town, right on a very busy pedestrian street. But its business has never picked up since the day it finished. Rumor has it that when it was still under construction, they dug up eight coffins without any indication as to who the deceased were. And they were arranged according to some sort of wacky plan that supposedly suppressed the evil spirits during the early Qing period.  They weren't able to find out the identities of the deceased, and call it superstition, people were scared of this type of shit. So the contractor  got a daoshi (Taoist priest) to fix things, after they had the coffins cremated. The daoshi took a look, and said there was nothing to be done. The coffins weren't supposed to be moved, let alone cremated. And now 8 people had to die to suppress the spirits again. Of course some people didn't believe that. But it turned out every year after the mall was finished, there was someone jumping off the roof and died. It's said that there're still 2 more people left to fill the rank. There's an abandoned prisoner of war camp from WW2 right on the outskirts of town. I mean ... They held German POWs there. That's pretty creepy. Not where I live, but my dad. The supposed birthplace of the mythical Merlin, there lives a cool ass tree which if removed will cause the town to be destroyed.

[When Merlin's Oak shall tumble down, Then shall fall Carmarthen Town](http://farm1.staticflickr.com/143/378401003_47d6e387e3_z.jpg?zz=1) A family had moved into an apartment down the street from my house, because the father of the family wound up checking himself into a hospital for something to do with a mental condition.

He was deemed "Okay" after a few days and discharged. He had a friend of the family who knew where the family had moved to, and was going to have him drop him off at the apartment so they could start piecing things back together.

What the friend of the family didn't know, was that the family was actually hiding from their father. The father kicked the door in, and stabbed his daughter and wife to death. He stabbed his son, but his son was actually able to escape out of a window and get away. His daughter bled to death out in the parking lot of the building, and his wife died in the bath tub. He then jumped off of the second story balcony head first, killing himself.

Fast forward a few years, my girlfriend got pregnant and we were strapped for cash. The apartment came up for rent, and given the horrible history of the place, rent was dirt cheap. We wound up taking it, and found out later that they never actually changed the bathtub, just cleaned it out. So yeah, my son's first bath took place where a women bled to death. Good times.  My hometown is known as the most radioactive town in america. There used to be mills that did a lot of radium refining and uranium testing for the manhattan project there, and most the waste was dumped in a field. The field was eventually turned into a baseball field surrounded by a community. Not sure if its true, but as the story goes dozens of people in the town started getting sick (cancer, I believe, among other complications) and dying. This included children. Apparently a study actually tracked the people that got sick with pins on a map indicating their homes, and they surrounded the ball field.  A few years later the govt stepped in with funding to properly contain the site and they basically just dumped a ton of silt, clay, and dirt on top of the field and fenced it in. It's still there today, fence and all, and still surrounded by a community.  Elbow Road in Virginia Beach has a reputation for being "haunted" because of how creepy it is at night. There are a ton of spooky stories that get passed around by teenagers who go exploring the area. One I remember was about a little girl who drowned in nearby Stumpy Lake. If you pulled to the side of the road, dumped sand down, and sat quietly you would apparently see small footprints coming towards you. 

The actual scariest thing about it is that it's a narrow, bendy road with very little light and a girl I went to high school with died driving there. Definitely Charles Manson and his followers, but not so much for the more famous murders of Sharon Tate but for the murder of the LaBianca couple.  Apparently on several occasions they would return home to find little odd things missing, or occasions where their dogs would randomly be placed outside.  Rosemary LaBianca told friends that someone had been coming into their house while they were away. She said, "every time I come home I expect to either find someone in the house or something missing."  They were on a trip the night of the Tate murder and came back home the next day and read about it and commented about how disturbing it was.  And then that night they were tied up in their home, had hoods placed over their head, and were stabbed to death.  I think she was stabbed something like 40 times.  Regular people who had nothing to do with the Manson family.  This was far more disturbing to me than the Sharon Tate murder, even though that was probably even more gruesome.  Just the fact that they knew something was awry and probably were already very concerned after reading about the Tate murder. Currently live in a small place called Freetown, about a mile down the road is the Freetown- Fall River state forest. It's said to host many Cannibalistic sacrifices, and eating. I've been told to never go out to a certain road, just because of how many *incidents* have been there. Gives me the fuckin chills just thinking about it. 
Here's the Wikipedia page on it:
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freetown-Fall_River_State_Forest
 When I was a kid, our backyards on our street were small.  Two next-door neighbors wanted above-ground pools but they knew two pools would be weird in a small space, so they split the cost of materials and chemicals and built one to share. A couple of years later, some members of both families died from leukemia. Our mothers were convinced that the pool water gave them leukemia.   tl;dr:  Never get out of the boat. In my SoCal town there was supposed to be a rich family with this one crazy stupid son who got into Satanic cult stuff.  Anyway, after his parents passed away, he inherited their house and some money and turned the house into part shrine to Satan and part nihilist pad.  Yuck!  So, anyway, things got out of hand one night and a girl died during a ritual.  Ever since then all sorts of rubberneckers would come and try to see the house, which was in a gated community.  The next best thing was to drive up to this overlook and walk about 50' down the hillside above.  There you could see the remnants of the alter and stuff.  

Well, this guy gets so sick of people coming to look at his house that he buys these Rottweilers and has their voice boxes removed.  When he would hear someone approaching, he would let them go- you didn't hear a thing.  Maybe that sound was the rustling in the wind, or was it the dogs running?  It would scare the crap out of us as teenagers!. I grew up in a small town in Illinois, there were only about 250 people who lived there. There was a guy who lived across the street from one of my mom's friends. He had two dogs and apparently burned them alive in a burn barrel (burn barrels were legal in my town). Everyone knew of that story and kind of winced when they walked by his house and that burn barrel but not a lot of people actually believed it. But my mom's friend that lived near him said she actually smelled the burning animals at the time...still makes me sick. I was about 10 or 11 at the time and it still sticks with me. Here is one that I know to be 100% true. I live in a small 1 square mile town just over the bridge in New Jersey. Back in the 70s when my parents were teenagers, a young kid about 5 or 6 years old went missing and the police searched for days without any answers. A couple weeks go by and my father's friend was cutting through the woods to go to a friend's house and stumble upon a suitcase in the leaves. Curiosity got the best of him and he opened it up. Inside he found the missing kid chopped up into pieces. Turns out the mother was some seriously fucked up broad and murdered the poor kid and that's how she disposed of him. She's been locked up ever since. My dad's friend went off the deep end after that and was never the same.  Michael Swihart attended my high school in 1977.  After graduation, this son of a Navy lifer went off to college.  He came home at Christmas, and during a session of fooling around with a baseball bat in his parent's living room he cracked his father in the head, killing him, then turned on one of his brothers and beat him to death.  Mom ran in, and Mike tuned her up the same way.  But, there's more.  Mike also had a younger brother who was staying over at a friend's house for the night.

Mike got in the car, drove over, woke up the family and drove off with his little brother in the seat right next to him. Then this deadeye psycho stops at a service station and fills up a can of gasoline.  Gets back in next to his brother, drives home, walks his little brother into the house and beats him to death, too.

Splashes the whole downstairs with gas, starts the fire, gets back in the car and drives through the night back to his Miami University dorm and waits for the police to come for him.

I sat near this guy in an English class in 1976-1977; he spoke with a soft southern accent, dressed like he was going to the country club to have a Jim Beam and Coke with his GF Betty Lou, and submitted...I shit you not...this poem to the high school literary magazine, The Muse:

Thunder roared,
Lightning flashed.
A tree fell down,
A frog was smashed.

While submitting a plagiarized poem to the magazine was hardly a capital offense, it's still pretty creepy if you ask me. Apparently everyone in my town, and according to my friend everyone in the world... In their body has a.... A.... A..... SPOOKY SCARY SKELETON!!!!! It never goes away!!!!! True story--that myth busters episode about the dead pigs in a corvette. Based on a crazy woman in my old hometown keeping her dead husband in her garage so she could cash his pension checks. Then he got to smelly and leaky so she hitched him to the back of her car because he was to big to lift, and took off down the road. She made it about a 1/4 mile before the rope broke. The next car along was a brand new corvette on a cruise down that country road, when SPLAT--dead guy juice and guts all up in that shit. The car was kept in the county impound lot. I ride my bike down with my friends to see it. You could smell it from 100 yards away in the summer heat. The guys insurance paid for repeated cleanings but couldn't get the smell out, so he turned the keys overt to the bank and walked away from the loan. The hash-slinging- I currently live in a small college town along a major river. Every year people (mostly drunk college kids) fall in the river and drown. I've been here six years and it's been a minimum of 1 drowning every 2 years or so. There is a theory out there (proposed by two retired New York City detectives) that these drownings are actually the works of a serial killer or killers, given that the vast majority are white, athletic, males with good grades and reputations and this trend extends to another college town about 2 hours downriver.

I didn't give it much credit until one of the more recent drownings, a guy who worked in the Dean's office and by all accounts was a sensible kid. The thing is, EVERYONE in this town knows not to go into the river drunk. We all know how many people die because of it and I have yet to meet anyone who has gone into the river after going to the bars... so it's interesting to me that these kids seem to have the reputations of being smart and popular, yet they would do something that dumb...

edit: wiki-proof: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smiley_face_murder_theory Levi Chavez Killer cop who got away with cleaning up a crime sceen and insurance fraud amoung other things.  Hell's road in Waterloo Iowa. Biker gangs cooking up meth. Rape. Bodies dumped in the river. Ugh the sorties are endless. Its not as bad now that most of the old houses have been demolished but god damn that bridge is scary at night. http://urbanexplorationpics.blogspot.com/2012/01/hells-road-revisited.html?m=1 HP Lovecraft was from Providence RI, but a bit north of the city he spent a lot of time researching and exploring the various swamps with his friend CM Eddy Jr. Neither found what they were looking for, but the area influenced their works, specifically Lovecraft's "The Color Out of Space" and Eddy's unfinished, "Black Noon". 

The area is well known for ghost stories from various buildings and local establishments, AND, the house that the movie the "Conjuring" was based on is located in the next town over. 

You want to talk creepy, live in an area that influenced a well known horror writer and influenced a movie.  St.  Albans Asylum, alot of the ghost hunter shows and paranormal shows have filmed there. They run a haunted house in it this time of year. Hundreds of people have witnessed weird stuff going on in there.  [Hotel hell](http://www.unexplainedresearch.com/files_spectrology/maribel_hotel_hell.html) Just down the road from a couple of my friends places.  Been there a couple of times scary place.  Sadly it was blown to bits during a storm this summer. There was this old abandoned place called Crowley House out in the country surrounding my little town.  When we were teenagers, we used to take girls there and scare them, due to the rumors that it was haunted.  The story goes that a father murdered his family there, and people could hear running water (there hadn't been water run to the house in ages) and footsteps, as well as areas of the house lighting up (no electricity either).  Kids would go there and drink or get high, so the county tore it down.  Some people say you can still hear things if you go to the lot. 

I remember taking my future wife there when we were in high school.  The place was definitely creepy as hell.  Then again, all old houses are a little creepers.  well even though i live in williamsburg which is very historic, i havent heard any like ghost stories. But my friend and his family moved into a house wherwe supposedly the former residents daughter hung herself in the guest bedroom and when the dad found her he hung himself. kinda freaky because i slept in that room multiple times The La Roux mansion where I used to live (big ugly place, set on a cliff) was apparently haunted by a girl, and before it was split up into apartments there was a room filled with nothing but her dolls, which would all turn to watch whoever came in.

edit; And there were also loads of stories about the ghosts of children killed in mine accidents haunting the graveyard- my mum used to scare me with them. I live in Colorado and the house my family lived in was by Sand creek where a massacre happened. According to some people in the area it is haunted by spirits of those who died there. My mom and aunt even say our house was haunted. TVs in our house went off and on by themselves and footsteps could be heard. My mom even saw what looked like someone's running feet from her door and my aunt once recalls feeling something watching her and sitting on her bed. I was a newborn to 2 years old when we lived there so I don't remember much but my family does. Does anyone remember that Hillary Swank movie Boys don't cry? I lived there. Also about ten minutes out there was a cult in the 80's that stole weapons, farm equipment, and made bombs. Also skinned a guy, shoved a shovel up his ass, skinned him a little, shot off his fingertips, then had a kid stomp him to death. Yeah, great town, good times.  Not where I live (where my grandparents live), but [Ledge Light](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_London_Ledge_Light) in New London, CT is supposedly haunted by Ernie, a lighthouse keeper from the 1800s. Supposedly he was on duty when he saw his wife with one of the steamboat captains going out to sea, so decided to jump into the sea, never to be seen again.

It wasn't automated until 1987, so the Coast Guard had a crew there — they reportedly heard whispering, cold spots, TVs/lights going on and off, etc. The Whaley house which is considered the most haunted house in the United States.It was also the county court house, a general store, along with other businesses you can read about it [here](http://whaleyhouse.org/hauntedfolklore.htm). The first know haunting is by a fellow named Yankee Jim who was hung at the site for attempted grand larceny.
  
  Not technically my city, but I live about an hour from [Waverly Hills]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waverly_Hills). It's supposed to be one of the most haunted places in America. They have tours to stay all night and (I think) are in the process of turning into a hotel. I'd really like to go. 

Edit: Adding something from my hometown. My [campus]( http://www.bitofthebluegrass.com/2010/10/ghosts-of-eku.html?m=1) is haunted as well.  i used to live in this small town where white people lived in the main part and natives lived on the reserve on the outskirt of the town. in the 80s, the police chief's son, who was white, raped and murdered a native girl and got away with it. now one could argue that he got away with it solely because he was the police chief's son, but the race of the guy didn't go unnoticed. ever since then there has been crazy tension and crime between the whites and natives. my dad (white) was threatened by a bunch of natives but got out of it by buying them dinner lol.  At a lake in sweden there is a story about someone called Mothman if you see a shining bright light it's he who is hypnotizing you and will then come and do something horrible like rape you. Or force feed you with tacos, im not sure. in San Francisco if you flash you speed in the Golden Gate Park area at night, sometimes a cop will pull you over as usual and give you a ticket. BUT, when you pay for the ticket it won't be in their records. 'the ghost cop' The children's hospital in La Paz. Though I actually lived in a town called Tehachapi, La Paz is about 10 minutes out of town, and therefor close enough to be considered, I feel. 

So the story goes, that there was a children's hospital there that was meant for the hispanic community in the area. Something happened in which the hospital was shut down, and stopped being used. As these things go, people then wanted to try to sneak into the place at night, stating that it was supposedly haunted, or something along those lines. So as the place began to be rummaged more and more through the night time, the hispanic community of La Paz began to make it their mission to "discourage" youngins from trying to gain access to the place....with guns and violence. 

Now I have never personally gone and sought the place out, as I am not the type to tempt fate in such a flamboyantly stupid way, but many kids did, and they all had their stories. But a creepy childrens hospital in the middle of the night of a highly wooded and mountainous area...umm yea no thank you. A family with three small children left them in the care of the lodger whilst they went to the pub. He got annoyed that they cried, so killed them one by one. He smashed the baby's head against the wall and strangled the older children.

My friends live in the house where this happened. They have three small children, and a lodger. They are not local and have NO IDEA what went down in their front room.

 You poor American amateurs. Who needs a creepy story when you have a [church made out of human bones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capela_dos_Ossos) and this is the [town's coat of arms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:EVR.png). Either the family of inbred, deformed albinos that throw bricks at passing cars, the two cops that dropped a young man off outside of the city limits in -50 weather, the man who mercy killed his mentally and physically handicapped daughter, or the kid that stumbled upon the corpse from a generation old murder case while playing down by the river.  There is the legend of Octavia Hatcher in my hometown and it's a sad tale that actually happened. In the late 1800's she was accidentally buried alive after she fell ill. It turned out to be a "sleeping sickness" from the bite of a fly and by the time people figured it out and exhumed her she had already died in the coffin. She had survived for several days because the coffin wasn't airtight and tried to claw her way out. 

The cemetery still stands to this day and is literally a five minute stroll down a little road beside the college. Her husband had a statue of her likeness built over her grave, and it is said that the statue turns its back on the town on the anniversary of her death (which wasn't as it seemed but I won't spoil). If anyone wants to read about it in detail here is a link I found: 

[Pikeville] (http://www.prairieghosts.com/octavia.html)

The article has some Hatfield and McCoy stuff in there too but if you scroll down a bit it has her and her husband's story and a pic of the statue. 

I haven't lived there for almost a decade but when I did I would walk by that cemetery almost every day, it's right in the middle of town but up on a hill, and the rest of town is built below it. The college and people's homes were sort of built around it. Anyway, I've stood in the spot of the photo before, and also a street weaves through the cemetery that was a pretty good shortcut to take.  [The Jersey Devil](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jersey_Devil)

[Boody mill road](http://www.network54.com/Forum/31492/message/1064439357/Boody+Mill+Road)

Back in 1992, a guy and his wife got into a fight which resulted in her leaving him and his kids behind. He went insane over this, so one night while his kids were sleeping, he torched the house with them inside of it, killing them all, and then went out back, sat in his truck, and shot himself in the head.

Theres more in the article for the haunted stuff related to the legend.

No longer live in south jersey but there are tons of local legends The "Dungeons and Dragons murders" happened in my town...my Mom went to school with him.

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Pritchard I used to live by Sleepy Hollow, so I always had stories about Some freaky teacher in the 1700s who'd invite himself into his students' homes and mooch. I think some guy sorted him out, though. I am from Clear Lake area near Houston, home of Andrea Yates and the killing fields. Yates was held in 'Devereaux,' a mental institution located next to the creek I spend a lot of time in. Talked with many people who live near her old house where the murders took place, they say its still vacant. There was some movie made recently about the killing fields, but does not mention that it is the stretch of I-45 between League City and Galveston. Going on right now
http://toronto.ctvnews.ca/police-knocking-on-doors-to-probe-severed-cat-heads-in-whitchurch-stouffville-1.1486404
Basically someone going around cutting off cats heads and leaving them randomly... pretty fun stuff.. ITT: Boo Radley Abour 5 years ago, a woman went to the police and told them that in the 1970s, when she was 11, her Dad had raped her and she became pregnant with twins. She also stated that her Grandmother had killed the two babies. She said that a dead baby that had been found down an alley in the 70s was hers (nobody had come forward about it at the time). Secondly, she claimed the other baby had been buried underneath her old house. I went to school with the guy who lives in the house now and the whole back garden was dug up in an attempt to find the corpse but nothing was found. She also claimed that her father used to bring men home with him so they could have sex with her. I went to a class reunion last year and our old teacher told me that somebody noted that at the time that the first dead baby was found, an extension onto our old school was being built. The house that she had lived in was right behind the school and my friend was literally able to go into his back yard and jump over the wall to get into the school. My old teacher said that there was a strong possibility that their was a dead baby underneath our old classroom.

Here's a link to some of the stuff:
http://www.missingpersons-ireland.freepress-freespeech.com/dalkeybabies.htm

http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/gardai-revisit-house-of-horrors-paedophile-case-29226565.html In the sort of small town I grew up in, Westfield Indiana, there was a guy named Herb Baumeister.  He started "Save-a-lot" a chain discount store that was very successful, he was a rich guy.  He owned this really large house on a great piece of land and had a normal family, wife and kids the whole thing.  He would get them out of the house somehow (not really mentioned in the legend) and he would go down to a local bar spot on the north side of Indianapolis named Broad Ripple.  There he would pick up gay guys at the bar, bring them back to his place, have sex with them, and kill them while having sex.  Before someone bought the house and renovated it there was a secret pool in the basement with chains hanging down from the ceiling where he would hang and kill them.  

When he brought 2 men home one time one of them escaped and went to the cops.  He described where he had gone and eventually the police searched Herb's house, where they found 11 bodies in the back yard.  Herb escaped to Canada and ended up killing himself.  Its suspected he murdered about 20 gay men and buried the rest along a country stretch of highway.

In high school we used to go to the property and sneak into the house.  It was a cool "real life haunted house" type experience.  Until someone bought the property and fixed it up and the next owner bought very large dogs to keep us off...

Story is 100% true, google Herb Baumeister. Jersey Devil, for those who don't know:

Way back when in ye-olden times Mother Leeds was pregnant as a motherfucker with her thirteenth child. She cursed the child to the devil because I don't know, bitches be crazy. Child was born, sprouted wings and a horse head with deery-goat parts and ate a bunch of little Leeds' because they were all "omg my brother is so ugly". Then he flew out the chimney and periodically shows up on rooftops and in the pine barrens eating squirrels, dogs, and chicken. 

I'm a descendent of the family, my grandma being the last original Leeds of the family. My great uncle was on tv alot talking about it before he died of being old. Its a big deal around here, grade school and middle school I was tortured for it, high school and college people would want me to go with them when they'd go looking for it. Idk about its realness, but destination truth had a great video, prominent historical figures ie. Presidents and such claim to have seen it. My great uncle, grandma, and mom swear they've had experiences. 

My family is pretty creepy in general, lots of freaky stories and I've got much tamer ones of my own. They went through a devil worship/witch craft phase. Sometimes we find weird shit buried in the yard, crosses, painted cow skulls, all kinds of hibbety jibbety weirdness. There's a piece of Cajun folklore near where I live in Louisiana about the Rougarou, which is apparently a creature with a humans body and a dogs head (basically a werewolf), that would kill Catholics that were unholy. It was also said that the curse of the Rougarou could be transferred from one person to the next after somewhere around 100 days. I went to college in Potsdam, NY which is a tiny village about 25 minutes south of Canadian border. Wes Craven used to be a professor at a school there and it was rumored that The People Under the Stairs was based off of a local family there. It was believed that there were underground tunnels connecting their houses and that they loved to fuck each other. The Cult.

Down this back road near my hometown there are these very high gates with spiral barb wire at the top almost like a prison. You can't see anything behind them but a bunch of trees. The legend is that there is a cult that practices animal sacrifice in there. No one has ever seen anyone go in the gates or out of the gates. This girl I used to work with swore that one time her and her brother saw hooded figures walking around inside. One of my friends said when he was little they climbed this really tall tree on the outside of the fence to get a better look. When they got up to the top they heard people yelling and coming closer and they climbed down and ran off. When they came back the next day the tree was cut down.

If you look at the area on Google Maps you can see there is a large clearing with a large stone staircase and a lot of topiary plants as well as 3 or 4 large houses.

EDIT:
Pics from Google Maps:

[Entire fenced off area.](http://imgur.com/nI2ZQPA)

[Weird looking staircase leading up small building or stone wall?](http://imgur.com/DGa94WE)

[Random hedges/topiary plants and large buildings](http://imgur.com/uPlarX8) I am from Fall River, our claim to fame is Lizzie Borden, who supposedly murdered her father and stepmother with an axe. As a kid, we use to sing the rhyme, "Lizzie Borden took an axe, gave her mother forty whacks, when she saw what she had done she gave her father 41." In hindsight, that was kind a grim thing to sing as a child. Anyhow, [here is more on Lizzie if you are interested](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lizzie_Borden).  There is a tiny piece of land in my home town, behind the hospital I was born in, that is fenced off. (I want to say its about 8 feet by 5 feet, an obtuse triangle, that has chain link around it.) 

I asked my mum about it once and she told me that the hospital was old and had been many things, including a medical centre run by Nuns. She said that the little piece of land was were the nuns had buried the fetuses that were still born or aborted and for whatever reason unsuitable for a burial in a real cemetery. As such the city can't build on it, or develop it. 

Creepy :/ Exeter, Rhode Island, is a rural New England town; there isn't much out there even at this late date except farms and woods.

There's an abandoned institution for the *"mentally retarded"* out  there; it was started in 1908, and closed in 1994 after decades of rumors (many of them proven true) of abuse and medical malpractice brought a class action lawsuit against the State.

Naturally, a lot of folks think it's haunted, and for good reason; there are quite a few stories about what went on there for 86 years. And some of the stories are true.

**Here is just one of those true stories. **

(Full disclosure: this is a [repost](http://redd.it/1mz228).)

On September 23, 1952, Gary Hayman, a nine-year-old boy with autism, vanished from the Ladd School without a trace, never to be found ... almost. 

The search for Gary Hayman was - in the words of Dr. Ladd, the institution's superintendent - *'perhaps the largest manhunt in Rhode Island history.'* It was certainly one of the most publicized for its time, and maybe the first notable account of a missing child in the State's modern history. For fourteen days hundreds of rescuers looked high and low for the missing child, from the buildings and grounds of the institution to the woods, the roads, farms and abandoned fairgrounds surrounding the reservation and as far as the Connecticut border. 

But it was all to no avail. Fall turned to Winter, and months passed by. The case, though it remained open, was hopeless. The search parties stopped, and as time went by, the rumors faded. Gary Hayman was gone. 

Then, in a strange twist of events, on a cold December morning that same year, Exeter police recovered the head of Gary Hayman, found hanging on the limb of a fir tree in a dry clearing by the edge of a bog deep in the woods north of the Ladd School. 

His body, however, has never been found; and to this day, his skeleton remains somewhere in those woods. 

For the full story:  [www.theladdschool.com](http://theladdschool.com)

**TL;DR:** The skull of a missing 9-year-old boy was found in the woods in the 1950s; his skeleton is still in the woods behind an abandoned institution today.

**Source:** I wrote a book about it. I live in Poughkeepsie, NY. My mother is an English teacher in Poughkeepsie High School and two years ago, a teacher in her department stabbed another teacher 16 times with a screwdriver, apparently over the victim's absence at a faculty meeting. Students could only watch in the halls and one football player was brave enough to pull her off. The article can be viewed [here] (http://www.dailyfreeman.com/articles/2013/01/04/blotter/doc50e64012c8772045744061.txt) and she was sentenced to 3.5 years in prison charged with first degree attempted manslaughter. I can't say I've heard a story comparable to this. At age 13 I moved to a small naval base in Japan, right outside of Tokyo in the small town of Yokosuka [Yokosuka-Shi]. I thought it was cool because at the time I had a game for dreamcast called Shenmue that was based there. Also, I heard that the high school I would eventually attend had a Japanese pop-singer as a student that, in terms of popularity, was essentially the Japanese Rhianna at the time (Crystal-Kay if you're interested).  

As with almost all other developed areas of Japan, the town was once host to many Samurai villages before Western influence "infected" (as the Japanese say) Tokyo in the late 19th century, spread outward like a virus, and ultimately destroyed the prominent Samurai presence. Even before this time, the Yokosuka area had been inhabited for over one-thousand years by various clans. 

Given the close, strategic proximity Yokosuka has to the bordering Tokyo Bay it was once responsible for the very source of Japan's industrialization. During World War II, Yokosuka was bombed on only one occasion by Allied Forces thereby leaving much of the landscape intact. To be on the safe side, the Japanese secretly built a network of underground bunkers, caves, and tunnels in an effort to operate without the risk of a repeat attack. Of course, people would always say the tunnels were haunted but there is little record of any deaths occurring within them as the Japanese surrendered shortly after construction. 

One night, maybe a month after arriving to the base, I was walking home from one of the movie theaters and it happened to be that the shortest route home was through a tunnel originally carved through a large hill. Having no knowledge of the tunnel, I quickly learned that it was just big enough to accommodate one car at a time and a smart person wouldn't bother trying to walk through it. It was roughly midnight so I figured there was no danger of traffic and went through. I always roll my eyes when people say shit like this because I'm just not a supernaturalist but something really didn't seem "right" about this tunnel. The first thing you notice is the amount of prominent skid marks on the tunnel walls, comprised of various shades of paint. I started feeling nauseous and rushed so I wound up running through the tunnel before eventually calming down and forgetting about it. 

It wasn't until a few weeks later when some new friends were joking about walking through it at night, some saying they refused to do so. Turns out that this tunnel was hundreds of years old and Japanese legend tells of a Samurai Warrior on horseback en route through modern-day Gridley Tunnel to avenge his slain Sensei. The warrior was then ambushed in the narrow tunnel, quickly overpowered, and killed alongside his horse. The legend says he cannot rest peacefully having failed his mission so his soul is doomed to travel the tunnel, seeking his Sensei's killers. 

Since then, there have been dozens of reports from motorists traveling through the tunnel and reportedly seeing a fully-armored Samurai in their rear-view mirror. Some witnesses report seeing the warrior on horseback while others claim to have seen him walking alongside his armored companion. The startling sight has reportedly led to the excessive amount of skid-marks on the tunnel walls from startled motorists running into them, leading to many indentations in the stone walls. 

In the 3 years I spent there I only walked through the tunnel roughly a dozen times because each time I did I could not shake the feeling of the hairs standing on the back of my neck. It became worth it just to walk the extra quarter-mile around the hill. 

The author of this vid is pretty obnoxious but it does show some good footage of the tunnel: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s-cIzuiGF0

EDIT
**TL;DR** : Ghost of Samurai lurking a narrow tunnel outside of Tokyo, Japan.  Wichita Falls, TX. Story goes that Bonnie and Clyde had a hideout there and everyone who got to know 'em learned pretty early that Clyde was the hardened criminal leader and Bonnie was just along for the lifestyle.  THE TWIST, Clyde was gay and Bonnie was a nympho. Apparently,  there is a guy who can wrap his dick round a lamp post. New Orleans native here; take your pick. There are hundreds if not over 1000 haunting stories within the city limits alone, never mind the countless stories surrounding plantations around the city for over 100 miles in every direction but South. I guess I'd have to give it the haunting of the house of one of the most vicious slave owners ever. I forget the name, and googling "slave owners New Orleans" is just about useless. Anyway, she(?) was one of the cruelest slave owners in the early 1800s if I remember correctly. She beat them mercilessly, bound them contorted up in chains, and even performed a few vivisections and other cruel and unusual surgery. (I may be mixing a couple stories here). Anyway, her house is still standing in the French Quarter, and they say you can here slaves moaning and chains rattling from their spirits haunting the place. It's one of the creepiest  places in the city. Nick Cage owned it for a while (or maybe he owned Marie Laveau's old home?) So that should say something. 
 Nothing absolutely "creepy" exactly, but I live two streets away from the house that Jim Jones grew up in. A buddy of mine stayed in it one night when no one was living there, as it was abandoned for most of my younger life. He had brought a few essentials with him as well as a bible in hopes to keep him safe. When he woke up the next morning, the bible had been ripped in half. A leather bound bible. Not cleanly cut like he axed it or something but ripped. I really don't WANT to believe him, but I don't really understand how he would have ripped it in half. It was a stout, little, leather bound bible, tore right across midway. I live in a town by the Tennessee River. There's an old civil war cemetery right by the river that you can get to from an old dirt road that circles around the cemetery.

Legend says that if you circle the cemetery three times late at night then you will get blocked in by a car. Me and my buddies decided to try it out when we were in high school two years ago.

We got out there and circled the cemetery once. Everyone was on edge cause that cemetery is the creepiest damn thing we've ever seen.

We circled it twice in my buddies truck and just when we were about to go around a third time, I shit you not, there was an elderly lady parked by herself in a hearse on the edge of the dirt road, just sitting there, with the lights on inside the car. I can remember both of her hands were resting on the wheel, and she was staring straight ahead at nothing but darkness.

My buddy quickly put his truck in reverse and we got the fuck out of there. 

Apparently an elderly couple has a house right next to the cemetery and have heard the legend, so whenever they see a car circle the cemetery a few times they like to scare kids away for fun I guess. We nearly pissed ourselves though.  There's a pretty famous hill right outside of town.  Kind of like a make out spot where a lot of youngsters go and look out over the whole valley.  It's a common place for people to run and bike during the day.  There's a single road that runs from our town out to the hill.  

Rumor has it that in the 40's a young soldier just had just returned home and was taking his girlfriend on a roadtrip on his motorcycle up and down California.  They pulled off of interstate 5 and found themselves in my hometown.  They couldn't find a place to stay, so they decided to camp out under the stars at the top of this hill.  

So they go to sleep.  He wakes up in the wee hours of the morning hearing his girlfriend screaming for him.  There was a group of 2 guys in in a pickup abducting her.  They took off before he could reach them.  So he hops on his motorcycle to chase them down.  He takes the single road into town but they just kept getting further and further away.  Knowing he  would never see his love again, he drove his motorcycle into a ditch on the side of the road, killing him instantly.  

They say he still rides the road to this day, searching for his long lost girlfriend.  People have reported a single headlight coming up behind them with a deafening roar that encompasses everything around them.  Getting louder and louder as the light comes closer in their rear view.  Then the light seemingly rides right on top of the driver before disappearing and everything going quiet again.  
 I live in a small town in Southern Minnesota, not to far away from the Iowa border. For some ridiculous reason, the state mental health hospital is built on the southern end of town. If you go further south of the Hospital there is a highway with a limestone cliff along the road that runs for a few miles.There are a few fairly large caves in the rock face. 

60 years or so back a woman escaped from the Mental Institute, and many people claim that while walking in the woods they would see a woman in a white gown with long black hair stumbling around hunched over with her arms crossed. They'd look a different way for a split second, and she'd be gone. 

While my friend's Father was hunting with his Grandfather they saw the woman walking around in her gown mid winter. They both watched the woman and as she walked behind a tree she didn't come out the other side. They said she disappeared.

A while back my friend and I called this story bullshit. So we decided to go "investigate" the caves. We went armed with knives, a lantern, a flashlight, and some glow sticks. We went into the first cave and found nothing. Went into the second cave and found a large chunk of metal (almost like a railroad tie makes sense since there's a railroad that is fairly close to the cliff that was there long before the highway), three candles (candles had been used before, almost no wax was left and the wick was burnt) and some white cloth. This was a fairly small cave, you had to bend over and turn sideways to get through some areas. The candles were sitting on an indentation in the wall that had been chiseled out (most likely with the railroad tie). The White cloth was wrapped around the railroad tie next to the candles. We went a little further back and found a deep pit. I mean really, *really* deep. We shined the flashlight down there and couldn't see the bottom. S we cracked a glow stick and tossed. It took 7 full seconds to hit the bottom. As it fell we could see indentations on the side of the pit. Almost like a makeshift ladder. No idea what was at the bottom.

She was never found.

**TLDR:** Crazy bitch escapes mental hospital and lives in a cave. Me and a friend go to investigate.

    In my hometown near Seattle, three teenagers were found dead in one of their cars (which was still running with the headlights on) in a backroad that goes through a nature preserve. All three of them were shot in the back of the head, execution style. The motive was never uncovered and nobody was ever convicted. However there were rumors that it had something to do with a briefcase full of cocaine. 

Article: http://www.kitsapsun.com/news/1989/mar/18/three-shot-death-bainbridge-island/?print=1

 I live in a rural area with hundreds of ghost stories and the like. The story that will always stick out to me as creepy is this one because it's 100% true.

I was in school the day after Fireworks Night (5th Nov). The night before the entire town had been on one side of the valley watching the fireworks being let off. There were other firworks visible from the surrounding towns, but during the night around 9pm we could hear 3 or 4 fireworks on the other side of the valley but there was nothing to see. It wasn't a big deal, just a little weird. The next day when I was in school, there was a rumour gone round. Someone had been found dead on the other side of the valley. Then by first break it was someone had been shot dead at the top of the hill. By lunch it was two people had been shot dead. We saw some police officers come to the school and take away the three neices and nephews of the people who owned the petrol station at the top of the hill. Rumour was wildfire. It was another month before we found out the truth of it.

The kindly old couple who owned the petrol station were actually drug traffickers for one of the more powerful European drug rings. They had defaulted on a payment or some merch had gone missing - no one really knows - so they'd had a hit put out on them. Two heavies drove down from London in a rental car, tortured the wife (shattered her kneecaps and pulled out her fingernails) before shooting her point-blank with a shot gun. The husband they gave a 'headstart' across the fields, before shooting him once in the back, once in the thigh and then finally in the face.

It's one thing to see all this on TV, but then it happens so close to you you suddenly are aware that all these 'stories' are based on something or someone somewhere along the line... In my town, there's this strange hybrid animal that looks like a cross between a giraffe and an antelope, speckled orange, brown, yellow, and a neck longer than anything you see in my neck of the woods. Anyway, it's been a couple years since the last sighting, but I actually remember catching a glimpse of it. I was looking out my kitchen window and suddenly this huge orange jumping beast moved through the brush and back into the road. It was life changing.
Oh, I feel like I should clarify something: I'm the only one who's seen it and nobody fucking believes me in this god damned town. I swear it's real. The movie The Exorcist is based on events which happened at SLU which is no more than 15 minutes from my house.  East coast of Canada, during WW2 German U-boats could be seem from the beaches and soldiers would often listen to our radio stations. Apparently two German soldiers came to land and partied the whole night with the locals. They left that night and no one heard from them again. There's "Shades of Death" road in a town in New Jersey I went to. Not my town, but nearby. There's a girl who appears next to your car on the road and if you see her, you die. The night I went, my friend Justin saw her. Two weeks later to the day, he died.

IN my hometown, Easton, PA, there's the Durham house which is haunted. It burnt down and in the same day the father of the family there died on his way home from work, after the house was gone. They say if you go there it's just straight up weird. Been there, it's weird.

TL; DR: my friend dies after visiting a haunted road; weird shit happened elsewhere. The Goatman in Maryland.  

Holy shit!  It actually has a wiki entry!!  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goatman_(Maryland)

That entry is tame.  Try going camping and sitting by the fire.  You're about 9 years old.  Your grandfather, a handsomer version of a 60-some year old Kenny Rogers replete with silver beard, is telling you all about the Goatman.  A fucking genetic freak of nature that escaped the goddamn fucking facility your school bus drives by every morning, and you swear you remember the police being there one morning while your bus drove by.  

You glance into the woods, but the fire has deadened your night vision.  All you see are the silhouettes of trees and a void of absolute blackness.  Anything could be there beyond the range of your crackling fire.  Anything.  *Is... is that a branch?  Did it just move?  Holy fucking shit.  Did I feel a breeze or did that fucking goat horn looking tree branch just move by itself?*    

Your grandfather gets very still, very quiet.  He peers into the woods above your shoulder.  "You didn't see anything move, did you?"  

"No.   I mean, I don't think so.  Maybe?"

Naturally, it is at this moment of sincere doubt, this instant when you think maybe there's some truth to the horrible story, that your grandfather claps you on the back with a mighty bellow and scares the shit out of you.  

Ever the prankster and storyteller.

 I lived on a college campus. The main admin building was referred to as The Mansion. Before the place was a school, it was a gentleman's farm. That gentleman's daughter hung herself from the ornate staircase directly in the middle of the administration building. She wasn't found for a few days, due to her father being in Europe (or so says the story).
They never replaced the stair railings, and you can see (and feel) the indentations from where the rope was. 
I really hated going to payroll. My fire station is haunted. Supposedly all the ghosts from the dead stay with the ambulance and at night they turn the lights on and off once in awhile. We just say sorry and ask them to stop so we can sleep and be better at helping someone else and they usually listen. They also disconnect the exhaust catchers and energy plugs from the apparatus. They usually only get active during the weather changes from fall to winter (so now) and spring to summer. this guy and his girlfriend killed his parents and buried them in a local park a few years back. i'm from a kinda quiet suburb in nj where usually police alerts are about drunk drivers and the sort so this was a pretty big deal The house on the corner of my street had a double homicide and has been abandoned for over thirty years Well, there's the ghost story about Mad Anthony Wayne, whose ghost is  eternally searching for his bones, but the creepy part is the kernel of truth. He got sick in transit, and stopped in my home town for treatment. He died there, right around the time when embalming was first becoming a thing, so it's possible that he was preserved until a family member could pick him up. All that's known for sure is that when his son came to get him years later, expecting a pile of bones, he was disgusted to find the body intact. He couldn't handle it, so the body was boiled until everything else fell away from the bones, and the son took his father's skeleton back to Philadelphia. "the purple ladies"

they were two sisters who always wore purple, purple clothes, hats, pajamas. etc. etc.

the eldest got married, the youngest "enjoyed the company of random men"  the eldest husband was abusive and had a habit of beating his wife in a drunken stupor and leaving to fish for the night. one night he continued this routine, but his wife followed, he apparently got stuck waist deep in the mud and drowned as the tide rose. the wife was apparently looking for him with one of those old gas lanterns and got lost, and ended up being torn apart by "old Frankie" a massive saltwater crocodile. 

people that go down to the outlet of that river and see a lantern across the river, still looking for her husband have an encounter with her. she's bitter and hates men due to her husband.

  for example my buddy Brendan was "down at the don" (the river outlet) and looked in his rear-view mirror and saw a lady sitting in the back, wearing a tattered and blood stained purple nightie. she looked up slowly and made eye contact with him. he managed to stutter out an "are you okay lady ?" she started screaming and  reached for him he said his mind went blank and he pissed himself as he, for some reason he doesn't remember, he floored it, just drove off as fast as possible, and she was standing in the middle of the road watching him leave as he watched her in the rear-view. 

the other sister is another story, if you'd like to hear it ? There's this big stone mansion in the city I'm from that has been empty for the past 12 years. Apparently the last owners were too terrified to live in it but didn't feel right selling the property to anyone else. The story is that the mansion was built for a wealthy doctor and his family in 1907 where they lived comfortably until the doctor went crazy murdered them and then committed suicide by setting the house on fire. When the new family moved in they said they heard screaming and felt a dark presence in the house all the time, they restored some of the furniture but never got to fixing the back of the house before they moved out. I went to see the house when I was in high school, I  started to climb the fence to get a better look when this homeless man comes out of no where and starts pleading with me not to go any further. 

Here's a [link](http://www.newsreview.com/sacramento/this-old-house/content?oid=8118270) that ruins all the fun if you're interested  In my hometown in Kansas, there are these storage caves just down K-32. Supposedly, there is a "cult" that do their rituals down there. Rumor has it, some guy went there in the 80's and he was supposedly kidnapped and murdered. 

No body has ever been found; however,  it was said an empty car was found down there about two weeks later. 
My friends and I used to drive down there to try and find said cult. All that ever happened was us scaring the shit out of ourselves. 

Edit: [Source](http://projectjason.org/forums/topic/333-missing-man-randy-wayne-leach-ks-04151988/)
Edit 2: The real story is a bit different; turns out no one knows if he went down there of not and there was never a car found either.  nobody in this thread is from sleepy hollow, ny? Bar H Ranch. Also known as Double T Ranch. It's this huge piece of abandoned land in Conyers, GA. The story goes that the man that originally purchased the land loooong ago, had a mansion built. He had one daughter, a wife, and a good number of horses. Apparently, his daughter died one day and the man went insane, first murdering his wife, and then all of the horses, and finally killing himself. Another family member of his ended up taking over the land and developed it into one of those stay-in-ranch resort places. Apparently there was an era when ranches were a very popular place to vacation to. The land has its own bank, stores, and all sorts of buildings. Like a little community. When the Ranch-boom ended, it was abandoned again until being inhabited by a community of dark magic practitioners, who often partook in sacrificial ceremonies, and loads of black magic and witchcraft. SO, needless to say, a bunch of fucked up shit apparently went on there. To this day, if you go up there you can walk into all the torn down buildings, walk by the 'bank' and the 'shops' and spread all over the ground are pages with odd witchcraft spells written all over them in strange unreadable writing. 

It was always a challenge for people to go at night, and there were some pretty fucked of stories I heard from that as well. I was too much of a chicken, but I did go during the day once. Saw everything for myself. Can confirm all buildings and witchcraft paperssss. I also saw something to the side of one of the paths that looks like a long hole just big enough to throw a body into :O. I didn't see a lot of the land though, apparently the giant mansion is to the back of the property through the woods. 

Sadly, the county ended up locking off the drive-up entrance to the ranch...no one knows who owns the place, but I guess weird stuff started happening again. Or it just became a place of vandalism and drug using. lol. I live in Clydebank, Scotland, about a ten minute drive from this creepy little factoid that seems to be all over the internet. As an owner of two dogs it gives me the creeps.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overtoun_House#Dog_deaths_at_Overtoun_Bridge In my hometown there is the Jericho Covered Bridge. It is said that after the Civil War (1865 when the bridge was first built), African American slaves were hung from the rafters. Today, there are multiple reports of peoples cars stalling as they get to the middle of the bridge and sightings of slaves hanging from the rafters. Local kids also hide in the rafters and throw rocks/shoot paintball guns at passing cars. Gettysburg. Tons of ghost stories. My favorite is of a rather unfortunate Confederate Soldier. 

At Seminary Hill on the west side of town General Lee wanted to set up his headquarters. The seminary had a rather tall tower to get a nice overview of the surrounding areas. Before they set up though Confederate troops didn't a lot of time so they didn't properly dispose of dead bodies. They found a barn and tossed them in there. 

One of the bodies wasn't a dead man. This Confederate soldier awoke buried under the dead and decaying bodies of his fellow soldiers. Despite screaming nonstop he was not heard over the sounds of the battle. After the battle was concluded and the Confederate soldiers left town the Union army found this poor man while removing bodies from the barn. He was severely dehydrated, starving, and his wounds were starting to fester. He understandably went insane from the mental anguish of his ordeal. 

The Union army gave this man a full military funeral. One of the few Confederate soldiers awarded this honor by the Union. Presumably due to the extreme circumstances he had to endure. Shortly after his funeral the barn burned down, seemingly on it's own. A farmhouse was built on the spot, because you can't turn down a good solid foundation of course. 

To this day people hear strange noises and banging from the area the man was buried.  Where I grew up there are two neighborhoods separated by about a mile of wooded area. But there's a bike trail that goes through the wooded area, connecting the two neighborhoods.

Anyway, we have local myth about a 12-year-old boy named Johnny Gosh (like Johnny, oh my gosh!), who was kidnapped when he was riding his bike on the trail around dusk on Halloween a few years ago (he had a newspaper route in my neighborhood, but lived in the other neighborhood). The story is that he was then tortured by his kidnappers (we'd come up with creepy stuff). There was also a bit about him escaping once and visiting his mom to tell her about all the horrible things they did to him.

Every Halloween we would dare each other to go into the woods, and we would always claim we saw the kidnappers and "just barely got away". Some kids would take it a bit far and not admit they were joking though.

The creepy part is that about 3 years ago (I'm 27 now), I learned that the myth was true. Johnny Gosch was kidnapped, and supposedly sold into a sex slave ring. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Gosch)

We would occasionally see creepy guys hanging around the woods, but I always thought it was a bit of a game we played. But, I guess not... There's a man in a trenchcoat carrying a briefcase who swears my hometown has bionic dogs and the police plant listening devices in all the trashcans.
 I have a [fun story](http://www.dmagazine.com/Home/1981/08/01/THUMB_AWARD_PSYCH_WARD_REFUGEE_EARNS_HIS_STRIPES.aspx) In 1981 at the local county hospital where I once worked, was flooded shutting down all power and killing the back up generators. A psych patient with severe agoraphobia, instead of being evacuated, dawned scrubs and a lab coat and proceeded to direct the rescue and emergency evacuations and set up the internal repair operations all so he wouldn't be forced to evacuate. I know you might not believe me but this is true I have a ghost that loves with me and my wife in our home in aurora. We have seen him as well as most people that spend the night over, for some reason we call him Edward. Anyways Edward mostly just walks through the house watching and passing by, sometimes he interacts with us but it's really on and off, our guest room is located right next to me and my wife's bedroom and we believe that is where he resides. My brother will spend the night from time to time and he always sleeps in that room, he has often seen Edward standing over him when he wakes up in the middle of the night and whenever you go in that room it just feels stale and off. One morning while
My brother was taking a shower he was pushed into the shower wall and no one was in there with him. So anyways typical ghost story except for the part that's really odd about Edward. He smokes weed, now I know you think I am making this up but I swear. Sometimes we will come home from being out all day or a long weekend away and his room will reek of weed, you can smell it leaking out from under the door. Honestly I have eliminated all other possibilities in trying to find out what is making the smell. We don't live with anyone else the room is on the third story (the house sits on top of my garage) and no one has a key to the house but me and my wife. So ya I got a pot smoking ghost.  Im from a small town called Roseneath, and we have always had a story of "Weird Willy" and his gravesite. Its worth a read, and ive actually been too the gravesite... what reads on his headstone is chilling

[Here is a link too the story](http://www.northumberlandnews.com/opinion-story/3781593-an-archival-moment/)

 A mentally ill kid supposedly shot his mother, put her in the trunk of his car, and drove to high school to attend class. Her body was found after someone called the cops about a rotting smell.  between 23rd and 24th and California in San Francisco was the black house that housed the church of satan run by Anton lavey. if you stopped to look at it, supposedly someone in a black van would chase you away. I drove passed it in a car and on my bike, but never saw the black van myself.  the house is gone and a condo is there now.  Not too far away from Pittsburgh there is a fabled midget colony that equip themselves with shotguns and shoot to kill any trespassers that try to sneak a peek of their existence.  I know this is a common myth in the southern U.S. but there is an old bridge that crosses the railroad tracks near my town.  The story goes that a railroad worker was killed near this bridge long ago and occasionally you can still see his lantern swinging back and forth as he walks the tracks.  
   This bridge is pretty far from town, so it can be pretty creepy at night.  Of course the real reason any of us went out to it was it was a low bridge so the train would pass a few feet below us.  When it comes at you, you feel as though your about to be hit head on, and when the wind from the train hits you, it feels as though your going to be sucked away after it.  
   Of course none of us ever went there sober, so I couldnt tell you about the "ghost".  I can tell you, dont try to piss on the train when it comes at you.  I forgot about the wind that time. There use to be this guy named Reymundo who lived down the block from my three friends and i. He was an old creepy italian guy with no legs who would sit in his lincoln in his drive way all day long and read the paper and smoke cigars. He would also pee his pants and smelled terribly of urine. So naturally we would always ride our bikes past him and talk to him. Usually the conversation would go something along the lines of HEY! REYMUNDO? "HEY BILLY WHERES ALL THE FUCKING CUNT AROUND HERE?" hahaha. Anyway rumor has it that he murdered his wife. And the weird thing about it was there was this giant lump in the middle of his front lawn. Sometimes he would ask people to do him favors for him like go into his basement to get things. I have been told his basement contained the body of his wife. so she was either buried in the front lawn or in the basement. He died a few years back but if anyone is interested i have a pic of him. I come from an old small town in Sweden, the count who was the founder of the biggest industry in the town, supposedly cast a curse on a painting of his portrait and proclaimed that if anyone ever moves the painting, disaster will strike his factory. No one believed it until they actually moved it well after his death and the factory caught fire, this happened several times as well as a flood. Now it's in a museum and not allowed to be moved any more.
I've seen it and it's pretty creepy, the eyes follow you wherever you go.

There's also a bunch of other ghost stories surrounding his manor, but I can't remember anything specific. Mayor Rob Ford will run for re-election.

And he actually has a fucking chance. So there was some guy who was known as the "Warlock". He lived in this house that everyone called the "Gingerbread House" because it was made of dark brown wood with silver-frosting looking trim. One of my family members was a Fire Fighter at the station and told me they had to put out a fire in a make-shift "witch church" he had constructed because a candle fell over. I'm not sure exactly what types of meetings he was holding in this "church", but its creepy as hell.  I grew up in a small town in England. In one of the fields surrounding the town, a school caretaker dumped the bodies of the two 10 year old girls he murdered. I live right across the very small river from the Kent Wa, slaughter house where the first 4 victims of the Green River Killer was discovered. Area used to be a park and farm land. Now there are a couple large apartment complexes and the burn downed remains of the site. Kinda creepy. Used to go over to the slaughter house and smoke. This is the story of OM.  It's not really a story from my home town, but it's been growing within my group of friends from high school. 

 In high school I had a good friend named Steve. One day freshman year (2007ish) he told my group of friends about an odd turn of events that happened to his brother (Tim) a couple years prior.
Tim went to college somewhere in New Hampshire. One night around 2AM Tim and his good friend decided they needed Dunkin' Donuts, even though the nearest Dunkin' Donuts was across state lines. I don't know much about New Hampshire's geography but I'm told this trek involved going through a narrow highway that takes them through some woods.
On the way back from Dunkin' Donuts a mysterious car pulled in front of them on the highway it was a red compact car with the markings scratched off and it's only defining feature was it's license plate that had a black O and a green M (who will henceforth be known just as OM). Around this time Tim describes weird coincidences happening like his phone loosing service and the jazz station playing "Smells like Teen Spirit", but I'll admit it those could have just been weird coincidences.
At this time Tim and his friend were sensing some bad juju from this guy so Tim let his foot off the gas and was happy to just let OM go off on his way. But OM wasn't done with them, as soon as Tim slowed done, OM did the same. Tim thought this was weird, but maybe if he floors it he could get around OM, but when Tim sped up so did OM.

Tim and co were freaking out at this point and had no idea what they were dealing with, but they saw a curve in the road up ahead. They saw OM go around it and they decided to just stop. Their adrenaline was pumping and they weren't sure how long they sat there, but after what felt like 20 minutes they worked up the courage to continue on their way, maybe OM would have mercy on them?

But as soon as they got around the corner OM was there. The exact same distance as they last saw him, matching their speed. OM clearly was without mercy. Tim and his friend were rightfully scared for their lives and relented to just going forward and hoping they could get out of this alive. Eventually there was a fork in the highway. One led towards the college town while the other led further into the woods. Our heroes went home while OM ventured into the unknown. Tim never saw OM again.

Epilogue 1: So I was told this story my freshman year and was convinced it didn't happen, and even my buddy Steve wasn't exactly sure of it's veracity. But around 2008-2009 I was listening to the local talk radio station while doing homework and heard a news bulletin. There was a murder in a neighboring county the previous night and the sole witness saw a car leaving the scene of the crime. She described it as a red compact car with a license plate that had a black O and a green M. I nearly shit myself. I'm in suburban Orange County California, what the fuck is OM doing all the way over here? Maybe I was just hearing things. I ran into Steve the next day at school and he heard the same report. We learned two things: 1. Neither of were crazy and 2. That OM was fucking real.

Epilogue 2: This previous May my friend Blake was on his way home from dropping off his girlfriend around 2 AM. For some reason he decided to take a highway that leads through a canyon home. While driving along a car pulls in front of him. It's a red compact car with a license plate that has a black O and green M. Blake was familiar with the stories and became rightfully scared and fell as far behind OM as OM let him. When they reached near the end of the canyon OM did a U-Turn and went back while Blake continued home to change his pants and sleep.

That is all I know about OM. I'm thoroughly convinced he's a cross country serial killer who crosses state lines to confuse the police, but I admit it's only conjecture. 
 There's this one legend everyone talks about where this weird, old, rich guy would lure naive children with promises of adventure and presents and then he just raped the shit out of them and oh wait that actually happened I go to Penn State. There are a couple roads that lead up to the mountains in my town.  Up one of the roads, there's supposed to be a colony of cannibalistic albinos. A few blocks from my house,  [two high school girls and their mom](http://www.springfieldmo.gov/spd/generalinfo/3missingwomen.html "[two high school girls and their mom") disappeared the night after the girls graduated. The beds looked like they were slept in, their keys, purses and vehicles were all left untouched. No signs of struggle. No signs of them were ever found.  [The Sexton House](http://http://www.realhaunts.com/united-states/sexton-house/) that is right across the street from where I used to live. I used to be able to see it from my backyard and it's supposedly haunted. Apparently a girl was getting ready for a school dance but was mad because it was raining and nasty outside. She looked out the window, cursed God, and was supposedly struck by lightning. The lightning is said to have left her imprint on the window. Even when they painted over the window, the imprint still came through! Or so they say, haha. The house has had residents since then, but I believe it is empty now and has been for many years. Did I mention that it the house is basically a part of a cemetery?  Theres this abandoned house by our river (Stanislaus) with a huge yard, overgrown trees/bushes, and no fence with a single no trespassing sign posted in the ground. My friends and I used to talk about spending the night there until a story was reported where 3 kids hung out there one night and ran out screaming with bites on their necks. No one has ever gotten it out of them to say what they saw, but they definitely saw something. It is presumed haunted to this day. Also, the fact that its been abandoned for so long while being a prime living location in my town doesnt help to say its not haunted. Late to the party! But here's mine:

There's a big, beautiful cemetery up here in Maine, somewhere around Bucksport. Off a bit of a dirt path, you'll find a memorial of Colonel Buck, a guy that died in the early 1800's.

As the legend goes, he set fire to a witch back in the 1700's. Through the flames, she screamed "I will dance on your grave for what you have done to me!"

Today, front and center on the stone, there's a stain of a "witches foot".

[Image](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&amp;hl=en&amp;biw=320&amp;bih=356&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=octUUsOFBLTG4AOdi4HACg&amp;q=colonel+buck+witch+foot&amp;oq=colonel+buck+witch+foot&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-serp.3...7053.19099.0.19394.36.28.4.0.0.1.918.6084.3j13j7j3j1j0j1.28.0....0...1c.1.27.mobile-gws-serp..20.16.2704.ILyD4SBjVTg)

The town has actually tried to remove the foot from the stone, IIRC, but not even sandblasting was effective. This is more specific to my college. But in the dorm I lived in, one of my friends would complain about weird things happening in her room, specifically the corner by the window (keep in mind dorm rooms are pretty small). I guess for a while she was just shrugging it off to noisy neighbors and thin walls. One day though an RA from a different floor was talking about a student who committed suicide that past year. It turns out he hung himself, in my friends' room, on one of the exposed pipes in the corner by the window.
  
Normally one would blame the girl for an overactive imagination given the situation, but the fact that she was experiencing these events before she ever heard the story solidified its creepiness. Apparently there were mob hits in the woods behind my house and one day me and some friends found an abandoned tunnel that was supported by PVC and 2x4s we shined a flashlight down there and saw a car battery and a tipped over chair so we think people may have been tortured in there. Well, the guy who lived next door to the house I grew up in committed suicide after the cops found evidence that he had committed a grisly, highly publicized murder in Boston. I still remember the night it happened, there were tons and tons of police cars outside with their lights on.

Creepiest part is that he used to try to be friends with my brother, sister and I. About a week before this happened he invited my sister into his house and I had to run in after her and tell her to go back into our house. My mom was in hysterics after she found out that we were both in that house alone with him. [Lester Road, or the Never-Ending road.](http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/The_Never-Ending_Road) I just find it cool that my city made it to Creepypasta. In a rural part of Louisiana, there's an old story of Sally Baker.  Her and her husband were living in a house in the woods. She went bat-shit, killed the husband and crawled up the attic and pulled the ladder up with her.  Where I lived there's a long curving road that runs along a channel out in the country everyone calls Serpent Road. Near one of the intersections on this road is a large and ancient tree on the side of the road. Many people have crashed and sometimes died because they swerved to avoid hitting a mysterious woman in white that comes out from behind the tree at only the latest hours of the night.

Some people believe it's the ghost of a woman that was hung from that tree and now she haunts the tree trying to punish the ancestors of those who hung her. There's this story that there was this freak accident during a performance of a play called 'The Gallows' where an actor named Charlie Grimmile accidentally hung himself. Reports of hauntings in the theater were retold among students, and one day, three kids went in to investigate with a few cameras. They were supposedly murdered and the footage was never to be seen again.

A kid I know is an aspiring film maker and was making a movie about it. Not sure if the project ever finished or was even released. (personally never saw it.) 

I just looked it up and found [this article](http://www.slashfilm.com/stage-fright-trailer-found-footage-teen-horror-film-set-in-drama-department/) on it. Unfortunately the trailer seems to have been removed. It was interesting though that the town name and the high school name were kept the same, but it wasn't filmed in our school.

 Well when I was going to high school [This guy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Edward_Robinson) was caught. The bodies he had decomposing on his farm and stuffed in barrels. Yea, that was a couple miles from the highschool. I basically could drive by the road down to his house going to school everyday. Here we go.  An English woman was captured by Spanish pirates in the late 17th century, and robbed of all her valuables with the exception of an emerald ring which wouldn’t slide off her finger. Try as they might, the pirates couldn’t deprive the hand of the ring. As a result, they let her live for the time being, and slaughtered all the others who were captured in the raid.

A bit later, the pirates found themselves off the then tiny village of Marblehead, and decided to go ashore and engage in a bit of pillaging and plundering, as pirates oft-time do. Being so close to shore for the first time, the unfortunate woman with the swollen finger leapt from the ship, and made her way to shore, hoping to find sanctuary.

By this time, the pirates had determined that there was nothing worth pillaging or plundering in Marblehead, and were in something of a foul mood. Finding the unfortunate woman dripping water on the beach did not improve their mood.

The woman screeched, the pirates pounced upon her, and beat her savagely. The villagers in Marblehead, at first sight of pirates, had retreated to the woods, and from there could hear the screams of the unfortunately lady, which no doubt kicked up an octave or two when the scoundrels finally realized that they could remove the finger and obtain the ring. Which they did.

Soon the screams ceased, the pirates went back to their ship and left. The townspeople came out from hiding, and there on the beach they found the mangled and mutilated corpse of the woman. They felt bad for ignoring her cries, and so buried her in the burial grounds.

But old timers insist, that each year on the anniversary of her death, you can still hear her cries, rising up from the beach. Supposedly there's a guy who killed his wife and stepdaughter, ran them through a wood chipper, and fed them to his hogs. He lived close to my childhood best friend.  Reading this is a terrible idea. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Ruppert

That guy went to my highschool, and most of my teachers knew him. So its not just supposedly true, it is. Apparently he was eating a chocolate egg when the cops arrived, and offered them some. Don't know if that's true. There was an abandoned building that some kids used for demonic worship, then some other kids burnt it down to prevent said worship.  Now there is a bit of a secret war between these groups of kids in my town.  Super creepy to be out in certain places at night.  In Pittsburgh we have [The Green Man](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymond_Robinson_(Green_Man))

It's not so much creepy as sort of sad.  The kid was 8 years old, was crossing a bridge when he saw a large birds nest and decides to climb the bridge to get a better look.  He slipped and fell onto some trolley wires and was burned very badly.  My uncle and dad used to drive down some road where he lived and sometimes see him taking night time walks.  They would brink him sixers and shoot the breeze. I lived in a town in western NY, that had a bomb shelter from the Cold War. It was solid concert but had a roll up bay door that someone would jack open just big enough to roll under. Inside their were 4x4ft metal panels in the floor and some where moved, it was  6-7 foot drop to the bottom. It had a huge boiler room, a stage, a kitchen that were full of broken glass and a room full of cans Emergency Drinking Water. Some were small 12oz cans and some ~20gal barrels ( all the big barrels were empty for some reason. Of course there was graffiti all over the place and stories of people dying in that place. We would hang out behind the building after school to smoke and drink.  Family murderer [John List](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_List) was from the town next to mine. He killed his wife, mother, and two of his sons before going to watch his other son's soccer game, driving him home, and killing him last. He didn't get caught for 18 years, but was the first person caught due to America's Most Wanted. People still would drive by his old house to creep themselves out at night.

Edit: My bad, the house was burned down. They drove down the street where it used to be.  The county hospital where I live was unknowingly built on an ancient cemetery that they discovered when construction crews were digging while building a new building. They found a couple hundred bodies buried in shallow unmarked graves and estimate there are a few thousand more across the property under buildings, parking structures, and sidewalks. A high school kid named Ricky Casso killed another kid over drugs by ripping out his eyeballs, making him swallow dirt and doing other fucked up shit to him. Theres a book about it called 'Say you love satan' due to the cult he ran or something. Then around 20 years later, Aesop Rock graduates from the same H.S. and raps a lot about the incident. Where I'm from( Northwest Indiana represent!) there is an old abandoned house on the corner of an old highway and a newer country road. And supposedly there used to be an elderly man who lived there and he would say to anyone who came by the story of how back in the 70s he killed his wife and newborn twin sons after tripping badly on LSD. Then he cut them up and threw the pieces into his shed and kept them there, until the smell got too much and then he burned them. But it was always interesting to go out there and try a catch a glimpse of that creepy ass old man. I think he still lives there, but just doesn't come out. It was always the senior tradition to go out there at midnight the day before ditch day and throw eggs at the run down house. Yep, real interesting local tale A wealthy businessman and neighbor, Herb Baumeister, took his erotic asphyxiation a bit too far and suffocated at least 11 men to death, then buried them in the backyard while his wife was at their lake house. I was a bit choked up when I learned about it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herb_Baumeister Tillamook, Oregon. 
It's a small farm town I live in. There are old tunnels under the main streets. The KKK used to abduct black people and kill them under the town, story says. Tillamook is still known for its large KKK presence, and lack of black people.  Moms like to kill their children in my hometown. 

One mom is rotting in prison for poisoning her 3 childrens pb&amp;j's and then suffocating them when they passed out. Then she tried to kill herself with wrist cutting and pill combo. She also was filthy rich and lived in a beautiful million dollar mansion built in 1885. I drunkstumble past it sometimes. It is creepy as fuck.

Then there was the woman who recently stabbed her 7 year old son over 100 times and the 5 year old girl she was babysitting because she was mad at her husband. 

It should be mentioned that my hometown was voted "kid friendliest city in America" several times and is a very affluent community. 

You should visit in the summertime, it's really nice! I live in a small New Hampshire town. There is this old house on this long dirt across town my friends and I would always go to when we were bored late at night. It was said that the house was used to trap people with the plague. Then when they died the towns people buried their bodies in a grave yard next to the house. I've been there many times and it is very creepy. Also a more recent story in the same town.4 or 5 years ago halloween night two guys dug up a grave at another grave yard in town. A few weeks later they found the guys who did it and returned the casket. I dont know why they did it but it was messed up. I'm an expat living in South East Asia. A few months ago, another foreigner was brutally murdered in his sleep to the tune of 30 stab wounds to his chest.  His local wife (from this area) was conveniently back in his home country.  Now, it's not new to hear stories of violence against foreigners, usually by jealous wives.  But...

As I found out, the foreigner is the step-father of my girlfriend.  She hasn't said anything about it, but she often jokes that her mom will kill me if she gets hurt on my watch - said usually out of concern for my driving. I still love her, but with one eye open. I grew up in Brooklyn, CT. Michael Ross was a prominent serial killer who murdered women in CT and NY (and I believe was the last person executed in CT around 2005?).

Anyways, there's an abandoned church where they found one of the girls bodies. There's an old rumor/dare that if you go into the church and rip a page from the Bible, as you exit you will see faces in the window of the church and ghosts will try to hurt you.

Never tried it, too scared as a kid. I also went to school with the neighbor of Michael Ross, kid used to fucking trick or treat at his house. In Denmark there aren't many homeless people. You usually get a lot of support, so most homeless seem to be homeless by choice, atleast in the smaller, lowcost cities. 

One guy in my home town lived in some bushes, down by the docks. He was always very nice but no one really ever talked to him as far as I know.

Apparently he was a successful business man, once upon a time, with a family and everything. While away his house burned down with his wife and kids inside. It broke him. Now he survives of off peoples goodwill and collecting bottles.

I know it's not creepy. Just sad. And the thread made me think of him. Family of a mother, father, and 8-year-old girl went missing. Found six weeks later in shallow graves. Killer used a crossbow.  In my (old) town there was a bridge called Bloody Bucket Bridge. I've heard several stories, the tamest being that many people have crashed or driven off the bridge and died (the bridge itself is right on a pretty sharp curve, no idea why it was designed that way.) 

Another is that there is a man eating alligator that lives under it...

And another, that they used the bridge to hang people who broke the law back in the day.

The creepiest one I think, though, is that it was the dumping grounds for a woman who preformed abortions.  Lovelock,NV we had giant indians that would kill random people.  Its late but fuck it. In Ohio growing up you always heard about the haunted hospital around Halloween. The location always changed. But the story was it was 5+ levels and you paid $50 to get in. You would be put in a body bag on a stretcher, then let off on a random floor. If you found your way to the end (top floor) you got your $50 back. I did a google search and it turns out it never existed. But I still have people swear up and down there been there.   "Light Road", or in actuality Sheep Island Road in Summerville, South Carolina. It runs behind a big shopping area and past a few neighborhoods before crossing over the interstate and then becomes a mildly curved dirt road for almost 3 miles if I remember correctly.  I personally think the legend built around it is kind of lame, but there's definitely something strange going on out there.  Here's a [link](http://www.castleofspirits.com/summerville2.html) with someone's account of their visit there, and I'm pretty sure it outlines the legend as well.

I've experienced it several times with a few friends.  Generally we'll pile a bunch of people into a truck and head out there around 10 p.m. at the earliest (supposedly the later the better) and climb up the hill (some cops hired someone to bore out two ditches on either side of the road and dump the dirt right in the middle of the road so you can't drive out there anymore, you have to walk) and see if we can catch a glimpse of "the light".  Sometimes you can from there, sometimes you can't.  If we're not lucky enough to see it from there we just start walking down the road until it shows up again.  It takes different forms, and sometimes changes forms multiple times in one night.  I've seen it as a distant yellowish-white glimpse in the distance, a distant pale red light, a bright and quite large sparkling yellow and white cluster of sparkling lights (like a never-ending firework), and the coolest one (the road kind of bends as it goes) is a form that looks like a train with its headlights coming around a corner at an almost blinding level of light.  Contrary to the story I linked, the light has never chased me or any of my friends.  It just kind of "exists" and you can never seem to get any closer to it, kind of like this [phenomenon](http://mrwgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/Super-Mario-Runs-Up-The-Stairs-In-Super-Mario-64.gif).

I've got several more pretty cool stories relating to the spot, some directly related to the light, and others just to the general sketchiness of the area, if this gets some attention I'll be happy to provide them.  

Sorry I'm not a better writer, wish I could craft this into a great story like the many I see here on Reddit.  There was a young woman who answered a craigslist add for baby clothes. The woman "selling" them killed her and tried to cut out her baby. When both mother and baby died she hid the body of the young mother in her crawl space.  My mom went to sunday school
In this house when she was a kid. Rumor has it that it was a base for nazi spies during WWII and that at one point they found 12 baby skeletons in a wall panel. It is supposed to be one of the most haunted houses in Ohio. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franklin_Castle The Snowtown Murders. Definitely happened.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowtown_murders Not so creepy but weird, there was a house we lived near, our parents say some crazy guy lived there, we once peeked in, it was dilapidated, but filled with pictures of JFK, all mutilated.  

Edit: Just asked parents, they said the guy who lived there tried to blow-up kennedy Both places I've lived long term had pretty recent and well publicized fuck ups. They're creepy as fuck and 100% true.. One had the worst Nuke-reactor disaster in United States History (That NO ONE seems to remember. Seriously, everyone remembers 3 Mile but not SSFL?) and then...well...I use to live two blocks from the movie theater in Aurora....I moved a few months before it happened.  We have an elaborate tunnel (drainage?)  system underneath our town. Some tunnels are blocked off by gates, others are open for miles. Well, as legend has it, a young girl named Zelda was enticed into the tunnels by a group of guys one day. Then, they got her drunk, chained her to one of the gates, and gang raped her. They left her there l, chained, so they could go back for more later on. Of course, that's when the rain started. Rainwater flooded the tunnels, with poor Zelda still chained inside. She drowned, of course, but you can still hear her screams of you stay down there long enough. Every teenager in town has been to Zelda's, and they all try to scare the crap out of each other. The Green River Killer was the big bogie man in town when I was a kid. But it turns out he was [real](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Ridgway).  Joined the navy, moved across the country. First time I was at sea and away from my wife there was a young girl murdered and her body burned on a walking path near our house. It ended up being two young boys she knew from school: they abducted her, sexually assaulted her, then suffocated her. Afterwards, they put her body in a bag, took a bus to the trail and burned the body there. Walking that trail at night is... unsettling. 

Her name was Kimberly Proctor.  My uncle lives in San Jose, USA and we once had a conversation about the Winchester Mansion and now I can't wait to go there someday. New York - Cropsey.  Have fun.

notes : this is bad touch.  and features geraldo in his early years.  i repeat, this is bad touch.

http://movies.netflix.com/WiPlayer?movieid=70117040&amp;trkid=13464114&amp;tctx=0%2C35%2C5faa99f7-4585-47c3-82a6-45d52d39dd84-37905045 A girl had committed suicide during a test one day. She stuck a pencil up each nostril, screamed "FUCK THIS TEST" and slammed her face on the desk.  That somewhere around here, there's a large group of people who are chosen to help and lead others. They're called a "government" and I live in Washington, DC. There is an old abandoned sanitorium in my city, supposedly haunted. Portland's Shanghai Tunnels.  I've toured them a couple times.  Creepy shit. [Bunny Man Bridge] (http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bunny_Man) http://fernie.com/about-fernie/fernie-legends/the-ghostrider/

There's a mountain overlooking the town I live in.  This happens around sunset.  Something to do with the "Founder" of the town dating a native chick.  Pretty cool story anyway.

This is just the picture for lazy bastards:  http://watsongallery.ca/bestphotos/Canada/BC/Hosmer_and_the_Ghost_Rider1_072dpi.jpg In the town next to me I heard stories of a small farm of midgets I guess.  Somewhere in or around Muskego WI [This guy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chester_Gillette) and the murder he committed. I've either lived or worked in every town/city that is involved in this case. It's also the first capital murder case that was based solely on circumstantial evidence.  I was born in Roswell, NM; in case you're unaware, there's a conspiracy theory that there was an alien crash-landing that was covered up by the government some time in the 1950s.  I'm sure it was creepy at the time at least. Observer. Dammit. Not so much creepy as just "WTF":  
[The Mad Gasser of Mattoon](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mad_Gasser_of_Mattoon) The city where I live is surrounded by a mountain. On it there's a abandoned once-fancy hotel that burned in a fire and it's supposed to be haunted. My hometown is near where the Donner Party ate each other.  SpoOOooOOOky In my hometown there's a really old house where a woman lived with several foster children who she supposedly abused. The house is abandoned now, but rumors say that if you go to the driveway of the house and put the car in neutral, the ghosts of the children will push the car away from the house. 
My friend's sister has done this and says that it's true. I'm from Madison, IN and there was a horrific murder there.  It has nothing to do with hauntings and is definitely true.
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BShBAKRD3uE&amp;feature=plpp Read about the tunnels underneath Northville, Michigan.  The man on boner mountain.

Apparently, there's this guy who lives on a small mountain in the area. He walks around the streets and hangs out by one of the stop signs with a huge boner. I never saw him. Nor do I want to. People I went to HS with swear they saw him, though. On top of a waterfall, there's this rusty slide. No one knows how it got there but it's been there for as long as I've been there (16 years). The creepy part is the water has a extremely strong current but just kinda flows slowly at that exact spot. The rust never seems to get worse either. It just stays this constant light brown color and never deteriorates. The bottom of the waterfall was apparently a popular spot for burying bodies for during the prohibition times. The gang still exists but are more focused on narcotics and don't seem to kill that often. I think they call themselves the Outlaws. Huntsville, AL

Dead Children's Playground. Or Maple Hill Cemetery in general.  It's the largest and oldest cemetary in the state of Alabama. It is completely surrounded by iron gates and is absolutely beautiful in fall. In a corner of the cemetary there is a small playground that (as story goes) many years ago children around the area went missing and their bodies were found around the cemetary. There are always new stories about hearing children laughing or playing at night around the area. There have been so many sightings of people at Maple Hill that can't be explained that several people I've met through the years refuse to go through the gates.  I'm from Newfoundland. We had a one legged man that was known as "Chester the Molester". I don't even know if his name was Chester or if he ever molested someone, but as kids we were terrified of him. Murder Mansion. Apparently there's this house (I wouldn't necessarily call it a mansion) where these people were murdered.

The story goes that this guy was dating this girl. He goes to her house and finds her in bed with another guy. He shoots both of them. Turns out it was his girlfriend's dad and mom, whom looks a lot like her. His girlfriend comes down to find him over her parents' dead bodies. Not sure if he kills her or not. He commits suicide.

EDIT: Tried researching it a little more and only found Martins Murder and it was a mentally handicapped son that killed them all. I'm from a rural town of 500 in Canada.

There's this story about a serial killer who kidnapped 2 kids and cut them in pieces in a barn. Story told by my cousin who'se a compulsive liar so well, yeah.

There's also, next to the church, a vat of cement. A guy fell in it and died. Theres now a memorial plaque on it in his memory.

That's really not all that creepy There was a kid who murdered his mom, wrapped her body in cellophane and then stuck her in the closet. He threw a big party, showed a bunch of people the body but they all thought it was some Halloween decoration. Eventually he dumped the body in a nearby rock quarry where it was eventually found. [Browns Chicken Massacre](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown's_Chicken_massacre)
This one actually happened but it's still super creepy to me especially since I now work in food service John Wayne Gacy killed a guy that lived in my town.  It ended up being the case where he was arrested. Sorry about some missing details but I'm trying to get this as accurate as i can. So i live in a shitty town outside of Liverpool in the UK. Nothing really happenes in our town or the one opposite but there was an old tale of a guy known as Purple Aki who would go around and feel kids muscles, he would never really try to sexually abuse the kids, or at least from what we knew. Cutting a long boring story short, after turning 15 my friend called me up panting out of breath saying some black dude chased him home after asking to feel his muscles. I quickly remembered about a guy fitting this profile from when i was younger from the Purple Aki tale. Only 2 years ago I found out that shortly after this incident he was released I believe. 
TL:DR Google Purple Aki. That guy creeped us out for years. One morning a few years back, some guy walked into a grocery store, pulled out a katana and started slashing people. He killed 2 and wounded 3 others before he was eventually shot by the police.

I know it's not creepy in the "weird urban legend" sense I think that you're going for, but still a scary/strange story nonetheless. I mean...who does that?

[http://articles.latimes.com/2003/jun/30/local/me-slasher30](http://articles.latimes.com/2003/jun/30/local/me-slasher30) From Garden City, KS.  The murders in Truman Capote's "In Cold Blood" happened five minutes away. In my town there's a covered bridge. We live in the country but not the boondocks. This bridge has been around longer than the county, I'm told. Legend says it's cursed. If you walk across the bridge at night, within one year you will hang yourself on the bridge. 

I don't know about the curse, but in the fifteen years I've lived here six people have hung themselves on the bridge. I won't walk across it, I can tell you that.  In the late 90s, I lived in the college town of Arcata, CA on the coast. While I was there, body parts starting washing up different places. After I left, Wayne Adam Ford turned himself in by bringing a severed breast in a bag to the police station. He was a trucker who had been murdering prostitutes and dumping their body parts in water-ways all over the state. It was super creepy because Arcata is such a small town and he lived right downtown in the trailer park across from the bowling alley. None of the women killed were local though.  There is a pub in my UK hometown Salisbury, Wiltshire called the Haunch of Venison. While renovating the pub they found a mummified hand built into the wall with a deck of playing cards beside it. It is said that the card player was caught cheating somewhen in the 18th century and so had his hand cut off and displayed to warn others. People say that the place is haunted by this "demented card player".  Obligatory /r/letnotmeet plug. Check the all time top post. "smiling man"  [Carl von Cosel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Tanzler).  Creepy as fuck. [Mary Ellen Spooks](http://www.parl.ns.ca/maryellenspook/index.asp) That there was a ghost who would come out if high schoolers screamed her name every night. 

That "ghost" was me and they always harassed me until I was in high school and they had graduated. But according to them, it was true. An old man nicknamed 'Roadrunner' who rides his bike everywhere he goes is rumored to have cut off his dick out of shame after lusting over teenage girls from the sunday school at his church. I'm from a small town of about 20,000, we get the odd crime now and then but nothing of note (about 3 murders in the last **30** years). One was horrific though. A woman was abducted from her home taken to a church courtyard, bound, doused in petrol and set alight, and burnt to death. This was 20 years ago and the killers have never been found. [Black Angel](http://m.qctimes.com/news/black-angels-leave-their-mark-at-area-cemeteries/article_3716e459-cc48-5517-8818-934c9393866b.html?mobile_touch=true) I lived in a city called Chino.  In the hills it was said there were Satan Worshippers and a guy called PigMan who lived in Green Mist (named because the fog in the valley was green, presumably from it being a landfill at some point) PigMan would kill local cats and hang them in trees for satanic rituals and would kill pigs and skin their faces to wear while he performed his rituals. 

They build houses all in that area but back then we never went at night into the mist.  A few years ago in nearby Costa Mesa a woman let a homeless woman sleep in her car.  [The homeless lady died,](http://www.presstelegram.com/technology/20101021/corpse-kept-in-car-for-months) so the other woman drove around with a dead body in her car for about 10 months.

But it's OK, because she used baking soda to keep the smell down. I don't have a source, but google James Klindt Davenport Iowa. Dude was into some shit in the 70's, Tony Montana mindset, convicted of killing his wife with a fucking billiards ball. Lots of sketchy shit with this guy.  Crystal Lake, Illinois.

There's a train track that runs through the town.  Supposedly a school us full of children crossing the track was bit by a train several years ago.  It's said that the ghost of the children haunt the track.  If you park your car on the track you're supposed to find handprints on your windows of the ghosts trying to push you off the track.

The local elementary, Hussman, is over 100 years old.  The basement is really creepy and has a mysterious door that no one has been able to open.  Supposedly there's the body of a dead girl hidden behind the door.

A little ways down the road is Woodstock, Illinois.  Woodstock is somewhat known for it's haunted Opera house.  There are lots of stories of people dying or commuting suicide at the Opera house.  One story is that a girl fell over the balcony during a performance, and now her ghost sits in her same seat for every show.  That's why one of the seats is always flipped down as though someone was sitting in it.

Sorry about formatting; on my phone. I live on the land where the First Battle of Bull Run started. I sleep with a night light. [Ed Gein](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_Gein). Influenced a lot of messed up horror films. Most of the stories are speculation based on what they found at his house, but still a messed up man. Growing up in such a small town it was either no one had heard of where I was from or they knew it because of Ed Gein. There is also a [musical](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mt9dFlDiC6k) about him that is somewhat humorous.

Things found in his house according to wiki article:

* Four noses
* Whole human bones and fragments 
* Nine masks of human skin
* Bowls made from human skulls
* Ten female heads with the tops sawed off
* Human skin covering several chair seats
* Female head in a paper bag
* Female head in a burlap sack
* Nine vulvae in a shoe box
* A belt made from female human nipples
* Skulls on his bedposts
* A pair of lips on a drawstring for a window shade
* A lampshade made from the skin from a human face

Stuff may or may not be accurate. I grew up in the town that it happened but not the time that it happened. La Llorona. This one is just straight up true. 

Two high school aged kids kidnapped, raped, tortured, and killed a classmate of theirs. They stored her in a freezer until they decided to chop the remains up, put them in a duffle bag and transport it via the fucking *bus* to a bridge where they burnt them. I live not 10 Minutes from the Clutter family home. The family that was murdered "In Cold Blood"
Deffinately a true story…. not exactly "supposed" to be true, as the title reads. but oh well. lol A guy went on bath salts and ate another guys face off at the beach.... I still don't believe this happened... There's a cemetery outside of a small town near me called Friend, Nebraska. There's the legend of Gilbert's Grave. I'm not sure exactly what he was into, but it was some sort of voodoo or witchcraft, and he was just a mean, scary old bastard apparently. When he died, he had his gravestone plastered in unusual words of some other language that were apparently 'spells' or 'curses.' He supposedly haunts the cemetery, but it eventually just became a party spot for teenagers who got drunk and tore the cemetery apart. I went a few years back to check it out, but the stone is in pieces now. :( Okay I get weirded out by these stories sometimes! But just now I was reading these at work and our "emergency phone" at work went off, its a red phone with a creepy ass tone to it. I reacted according to procedure picked it up and nothing. Just a dial tone; none of the emergency procedures happened (flashing light on phone, follow up call if not answered). Haha thanks now I am paranoid! I am gonna get murdered! I don't have anything creepy but Al Capone used to stay in my city at a hotel called The Belcelona. It is now a boarding/military school. The rumor is that there is a tunnel under the school that Capone would use to escape when the prohibition cops showed up to bust him. I worked at the school but never knew if it was really true.  A guy who lives right outside my development killed his best friend with an ax, chopped him into little pieces, stored him in a freezer in his basement, and then had his friends parents over to comfort them while they thought he was missing.  [I lived in Manassas, Virginia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_and_Lorena_Bobbitt). In my village, there's a castle ruin. Legend has it that when the castle was built, a gypsy woman forced into slave labor mixing mortar with her feet at the build site cast a curse upon the castle, that once it was finished it would burn to the ground 3 times with a hundred years between each fire.

Now, of course there is no real way to know if the woman existed, and much less if she really cursed the castle. What we do know though, is that it burned in 1634, 1734 and 1834. After the last fire no one bothered to restore it.

Also, at the exhibit inside the ruin is a piece of mortar with an image of a woman carved into it, supposedly found by archaeologists during digs in the 30's and 40's. There's a road in my town that cuts through the forest that's considered haunted because of the messed up shit that's happened there:

1.) A man (a distant cousin of mine, actually) was murdered by his friend while out hunting (Can't remember the details, but he shot him).

2.) Not long after, the mother of the man who murdered him hung herself from a tree right on the edge of the road

3.) A woman slit her own throat at the dinner table in front of her children and husband, no one knows why.

 There was a cult in my hometown who once sacrificed a goat at my grandparent's church.  Not a whole lot too it, but it was spooky.   The White Witch in Niles Canyon. There's several different versions, but the one I know is that there was a woman on her way to her wedding and the limo driver went nuts and drove the limo off the road and killed them both. 

So today if you're driving through the canyon at night and look in your rearview mirror you might see her. If she's covered in blood that means she's pissed and if she is just all white in her wedding dress that means she's content at the moment. 

I know it's a total myth but it's still fun to tell.    In my home town there was an abandoned orphanage that burned down. The legend is that if you park out on Gore Orphanage Road (really, that's the road's name) and listen closely, you can still hear the children screaming in the night. Of course there were no children, because the orphanage was already closed, but if you want an excuse to scream and cuddle your sweetie in the back seat, it's a good one.  Near where I live in Ireland there was a triple murder in a stately home during the '30s. Two days before her son was due to marry a girl she didn't approve of the lady of the house went nuts and shot the son, then herself and then the fiancée topped herself too... So I guess that's actually more of a murder-suicide-suicide... But anyway now the house is haunted... [source](http://www.stjohnstonandcarrigans.com/carriganstragedy.html) "No gunshots were heard at any time.  There were no witnesses to any of the deaths." *creepy* You know Jerry Remi's Son that murdered his girlfriend with a knife infront of people?

http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/10/08/red-sox-broadcaster-son-due-in-court-after-denying-killing-his-girlfriend/

Yah I live in that apartment complex only a couple buildings away.  You can google "Lalaurie" for other accounts but this one fits as a more creepy telling...

http://www.prairieghosts.com/lalaurie.html Man kills wife, stuffed her body in the freezer.

No "supposed to be true" about it. My friend in HS lived 2 houses down from them..

The real story is more sad than creepy, the wife had MS which had progressed and made her life miserable. It was classified as a "mercy killing" by the police.

 Supposedly, there is an old, female ghost that haunts the Cajun Queen restaurant on Seventh Avenue in Charlotte. Well I don't know if this is creepy or not. But supposedly a goatman haunts the railroad tracks in my town.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goatman_(Maryland) This isn't so much a creepy story,but a rather notorious crime that happened in my suburb of Coorparoo in Brisbane Australia in 1964.When I was a kid in the 1970s,all the kids that went to Coorparoo Primary went to the sweet/toy shop in the adjoining lane,run by a lady we called 'Gracie'.This was not the original Gracie.In 1964,the shop was run by two unmarried older ladies called Gracie and Meta,who looked after their infirm elderly mother who often smiled at the kids as she sat in her wheelchair in the back of the shop.My mum remembered them all.That year, a guy broke into the shop and  shot and killed Gracie and her mum,and set the place on fire and left them to die.Meta recovered and identified the man who got life imprisonment.It was such a shocking crime,as Coorparoo was an incredibly safe middle class suburb, and everybody loved the three ladies who were known for their  gentleness and kindness with the kids.Meta must have  run the shop a few more years because it was rebuilt and was run as a sweet shop until 1978 and we still called the lady at the counter 'Gracie'.And then it was turned into a gun shop in 1978.Next to a school.I shit you not.there's a chapter on it in Jack sim's 'Bloody Brisbane' book.http://websearch.aic.gov.au/firstaicPublic/fullRecord.jsp?recno=270272

 The Small murder. Len Small was the governor of Illinois from 1921-1929. His family is still a prominent family in Kankakee County, they own The Daily Journal and other assets in the area. In the 80's one of his descendants was kidnapped by a couple of knuckleheads who wanted to ransom him. They kept him in a garage for a while, I actually know which house it is, and after a few days they decided to bury him alive in a makeshift coffin complete with air vent and one candy bar. He asphyxiated because only having one vent does not allow proper air flow. It didn't take long to catch the criminals, the whole story was everywhere, several Lifetime-esque made for tv movies and such. 

If anyone cares I'll tell you about The Mad Gasser of Mattoon from the 40's, or the time when around 100 people disappeared overnight from Kankakee in the 80's. I heard some guy lit a mail box on fire once, yea scary shit Jay's Journal I grew up near Fort Chaffee, in Arkansas. It's pretty famously supposed to be haunted, there was even an episode of Ghost Adventures there recently. Before 9/11 (I'm pretty sure it's locked down now) you could drive through there as a shortcut and I spent many a spooky night speeding through there. 

 In Massachusetts there is what's referred to as the Bridgewater Triangle - 3 towns (Abington, Freetown, and Rehoboth) make up the triangle. This area of the state is the most notorious for reported supernatural activity - UFOs, ghosts, creatures, strange cravings, hauntings, etc. My town alone makes up a decent chunk of the reportings, but the two best ones along happen on the same road just a few miles apart:


- The location of where King Philip was captured during Metacom's/First Indian War is presently known as Anawan Rock. More often then not people report getting very creeped out at this place - several report hearing Native American chanting, others see figures. 


- The "Red-Headed Phantom" - a hitchhiker who is spotted late at night walking along the road. The man is usually in a plaid shirt, has red hair (obviously) and has a vacant expression...until you drive past him, and then see him sitting in your backseat. 

 In the 1800s a man named Boyington was convicted of murdering his friend Frost. He proclaimed his innocence and said that to prove it, a mighty oak tree would grow on his grave. He was hanged and a few months later an oak tree began to grow. It's now big and called the [Boyington Oak](http://southeasternghosts.blogspot.com/2011/10/haunted-boyington-oak-tree-mobile.html?m=1). 

My dad says he probably put an acorn in his pocket but it's more fun to think of it like a creepy ghost proclaiming his innocence. About 150 years ago, the townspeople of Eureka, CA, in the middle of the night, crossed Humboldt Bay to Indian Island and massacred a couple hundred men, women, and children of the Wiyot tribe.

Supposedly true, even has a [wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1860_Wiyot_Massacre). There was this teacher who worked at the local high school which was only about a mile from our house. He also lived a couple of streets down from us. He was legally blind and I would see him walking home all the time. I always thought he looked creepy but both of my older siblings had him as a teacher and said how awesome he was and that I should make sure to take his classes when I got to high school. 

One night, on the way home, we saw police lights on his street so we went to check it out. He ended up murdering his wife in front of their children. He chased her out of the house and repeatedly stabbed her in the front yard. Police ended up shooting and killing him as well.  In the cemetery of the town I'm living in there's supposedly a witch grave. There was a girl who went and slept on the grave overnight for a dare and she developed leprosy. Also, the maintenance workers of that cemetery make sure there are no cracks on her tombstone or her spirit will leak out and wreak havoc.  Actually happened, three kids were messing around drunk on an old railroad bridge in my town. A train began to approach and they thought they coupd outrun it (the jump was dangerous due to old pylons). One managed to make it. The other two, one girl and one boy, were literally obliterated by the train. This is about a recovered schizophrenic (obviously remaining nameless) from my small town in the north east.

This guy was really quite enjoyable to be around, a great dancer, his friends all loved him, he was handsome and very good at munchkin and bananagrams- I know because I am not handsome, and could never beat him at munchkin nor bananagrams. 

Anyways, despite his very stable transition from adolescence to adulthood, some episode of his motivated him to go to the nearest cemetery with a spade and dig up a coffin. 

He left in the middle of the night, and did not tell anybody. It is presumed that nobody followed him into the cemetery, as there were no witnesses that night. This made it very easy for this man to dig up a coffin, break into it, and steal a ring and a skull, with which he had very great plans.

He decided to convert the skull into a bong-like device and use it to get blazed. I have no idea if he showed it to his friends and girlfriend out of pride, or possibly guilt, or maybe it still hadn't dawned on him exactly what he had done. But he did show it to all of them, and they did eventually call the police, and the man was jailed for two years. 

He is now out, and looking healthy. And this thread reminds me that I still need to get my bananagrams rematch out of him. [Paul Bernardo](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Bernardo).

Literally just thinking his name scares the shit out of me. My sister went to school with a girl whose sisters wallet was apparently found in his car. No idea how it got there, but you get the implication. 

From my home town, did his work in my area, was moved out of a prison in the town I'm living in now a few months ago, and until recently he was taking courses at my university by correspondence.

Most likely the creepiest Wikipedia page you will read today. My hometown buys the most bondage equipment of any area in the country.

It's not *that* creepy, but it certainly makes me look at my high school friends parents differently! I'm staying in a dorm that's haunted by a ghost who died trying to give herself a coat hanger abortion. My mom went to school with this boy that later at around age 20 killed at old man who ate his mom during the stalin era.. The man sat in prison for like 6 yrs.. A guy my dad knew killed two men around age 20, and cut their heads off.. He got i believe 16 years in prison... Soviet union was scary:!!  In my town there were two grown brothers, who lived in the house their parents had inhabited. One brother was received government disability and was known to be have brain and emotional damage, the other brother was his caretaker. Before I was born the damaged brother stabbed his caretaker brother to death over a minor dispute. Blood splatter was found on the ceiling.

The house sat, appearing abandoned for many years. When I was young, maybe about 6, the damaged man was released and returned to his empty house, without a caretaker. The whole town whispered about the murderer. People shied away from him. We were told, as children to avoid the house and the man.
It was rumored that at his release he begged to be kept as a ward of the state, but the psychologists had deemed him fit to re-enter society. Within the year he jumped in front of a train and killed himself.
Even as a kid I felt bad for that man. Katherine Knight - skinned &amp; decapitated her partner, then cooked his body parts and was going to serve them to his children. 

"Price's autopsy revealed that he had been stabbed at least 37 times, in both the front and back of his body, with many of the wounds extending into vital organs. Several hours after Price had died, Knight skinned him and hung the skin from a meat hook on the architrave of a door to the lounge room.[4] She then decapitated him and cooked parts of his body, serving up the meat with baked potato, pumpkin, zucchini, cabbage, yellow squash and gravy in two settings at the dinner table, along with notes beside each plate, each having the name of one of Price's children on it; she was preparing to serve his body parts to his children.[5] A third meal was thrown on the back lawn for unknown reasons and it is speculated Knight had attempted to eat it but could not and this has been put forward in support of her claim that she has no memory of the crime. Price's head was found in a pot with vegetables. The pot was still warm, estimated to be at between 40 and 50 degrees Celsius, indicating that the cooking had taken place in the early morning."


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katherine_Knight In a small forest-like park near my place, there is a story about a little boy who was raped, they put Christmas light in in ass then beat him up, he died from internal bleeding alone in the wood.... ( i call the park rape-murder park) There is a series of underground tunnels under my city.  They go for miles and they come up in various places but most interestingly, in the basements of shops in Chinatown. The restaurant I worked at in high school was housed in an old building from the 1800s. It was originally a boardinghouse run by Jane Long (if you're a Texan, you probably remember her from school). There were a few ghosts supposedly, but I only remember two of them.

First one was the ghost of a child who was suffocated while staying in one of the former bedrooms upstairs. A lot of people said they'd heard a child crying before while up there alone after dark. I never heard it, but I'd occasionally freak myself out by catching my reflection in an old creepy mirror that was up there. 

Second one was an old rancher who owned the boardinghouse after Jane Long died. He was stabbed  because of a dispute about cattle in what is now the kitchen of the restaurant. The man who delivers avocados to the restaurant supposedly complained about lights constantly flickering out and not working for short period of times when he would make deliveries early in the morning before dawn.

Not that creepy, but I didn't see any creepy Texas stories. We don't have a lot of old historical buildings in Texas (at least not as much as the East Coast), so maybe that explains it. If you're ever in Richmond, TX (SW of Houston a little past Sugarland on HWY 59), stop in at Sandy McGee's. They'll tell you about more ghosts if you ask, and they have reeeeally good chicken salad and broccoli cheese soup! That a regular, average man came home one day and killed his entire family. My dad did NOT enjoy hearing that. The police found a severed head in the bushes on one of the streets I used to live on in my old town. It's actually true though. I don't think the people who did it ever got caught. In my hometown, supposedly John Wayne Gacy's mom lived in a house down the street from a friend of mine. People called her a witch cause she always wore long black drabby clothes and had long white hair. On her garage door there were words painted on it. Part of it said "John W. Gacy still lurks and j--ks" and the other part said "Aids Infector" with an arrow pointing to her backyard. I had seen her as a kid and did witness a woman roaming the front yard in long black drabby clother with long white hair. Around Halloween, while trick-or-treating, we went to her house, which was overgrown, and there was a note on her door that said something about how she didn't condone the stupidity of people knocking door to door for the holiday. I recently went by her house and it has been beautifully renovated.  Not really a story but there used to be a "witch" where I live. The Witch of Pungo. I believe her house is still here  My tenth grade history teacher was well versed in local folklore. One day he told us the story of the Fire-Spook of Caledonia Mills, a story that got a great deal of attention in Canada and the US back in the day. 

As the story goes, in the winter of 1921-1922 a Dr. Walter Prince of the American Physical Association was sent to investigate strange phenomena in the town of Caledonia Mills, Nova Scotia. Specifically, the ignition of several fires on the MacDonald homestead that were started "seemingly without the aid of any human agency." The fires started shortly after the MacDonalds adopted a girl named Mary-Ellen. As my history teacher told it, the Doctor as well as a detective and a reporter entered the house alone.  After a few minutes a scream was heard. Upon entering the house witnesses saw that the Doctor was the only one left alive. The reporter's ribcage had burst open, apparently from within and the detective's head had been rotated 180 degrees. The doctor was curled up on the floor, unconscious, his hair bleached white. The MacDonald's abandoned the house immediately, which was demolished, while Mary-Ellen was committed to an asylum.

As an interesting side note, apparently Sir Arthur Conan Doyle caught wind of the story and claimed that Mary-Ellen was most likely possessed by the spirit of “some naughty boy, whom not death even death could cure of his mischievousness.” In the 70's a [sheriff's deputy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerard_John_Schaefer) tortured, raped, and murdered two girls and hung them from a tree in the woods.  That tree is called the Devil's Tree.  Supposedly, they attempted to cut down the tree many times and the chain saws, two-man saws and axes all broke or malfunctioned.   The River's Edge, a movie with Keanu and uh... I forget his name, but he played a guy in a movie that could control rats or some shit...is about the town I grew up in.  There was an old guy that would ride his bike all around town, named Bicycle Bill, he was apparently rich but rode his bike and wore ratty clothes all the time..   People still have cult meetings in the caves charles manson used. I have a true story that I can pull a link on.

Woman in my area had five babies through an affair. Killed them right after birth and disposed of them. Told her husband that her cysts were why her belly kept growing and shrinking. Man in tribal mask butchered entire family in the middle of night with machete then killed himself. Louisville, Ky area--the Pope Lick Monster. A demonic goat-person who lures people to their death on a train trestle. My aunts and uncles all said they experienced it as a shape shifting monster. Lots of horrifying stories around that legend...

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Lick_Monster The "Underground City" in Las Vegas under the Strip. Its only creepy because its probably true. The Heaven's Gate mass suicide took place a few miles from my house. Kate's Bar in Canon City, CO used to be a brothel back in the old west days.  Anyone who's ever worked there has a ghost story, and many have seen a ghostly woman on the stairs. 

Oh, and then there's the KKK stories of lynchings in the hogbacks.  Yeah, no biggie, Canon City ~~is~~ was full of bigots. We didn't have ghost stories we had [real boogymen](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shankill_Butchers). Former town is the blue light lady. Present town is that the grapes of wrath storyline starts here. We had also passed an out of the way sign about a violent prison escape. The winner knows where i live now and used to live... Ted Bundy picked up one of his victims at the junior high where my brother was attending. I posted this before in another thread, but here.

This happened quite a few years back in my town, I don't know the details of the story so I'll just make it short.

This man owned a farm deep down in the back roads of my town, secluded, etc. One night when there was a really bad thunderstorm he looked out towards his stable and saw what looked like a faint glow, like somebody had a candle lit in there. He immediately ran outside and heard the horses going absolutely *crazy*. The guy thought it must have been from the thunder but the horses never reacted like that before. He tried opening the doors but they were jammed, all the while the horses sounded like they were getting more and more wild, when eventually managed to kick the door open the horses were completely calm. Aside from being a little freaked out the guy thought nothing of it. 

The next morning he went to check on the horses again just to be sure. 

Every single horse had it's mane intricately braided. The man tried to untie the braids but he couldn't, he decided to cut the mane off entirely of one horse.. The really weird part about it is the one horse who's mane he cut ended up dying shortly after.

That farm's pretty fucked up these days. There's a bunch of cows there that nobody seemingly takes care of (who could easily escape the farm) that just stare at you when you go there... There's a bunch of stories.
 I'm from New Orleans so there are plenty of creepy tales but for me the creepiest is the story of Madame LaLaurie.

For those who don't know, she was a lady back in the day who performed crazy human-centipede like experiments on her slaves. I remember hearing about a slave whose joints were broken and allowed to heal improperly so he moved like a crab. Another one had part of his face peeled off. Lots of horrible sadistic things. Apparently nowadays you can hear chains rattling and all that good stuff at the house.

I was told that story by my friend's mom at a  sleepover when I was about 7. Creeeeeeeeeped me the hell out TL;DR Any mysterious figure is Boo Radley I am from and still live in Savannah Georgia.  We are listed as the most haunted city in the US.  So, creepiest story, I don't even know where to begin, there are just so damn many.  But this is one that comes to mind.  I always hated walking by this place when I was younger.   http://www.bethdolgner.com/432abercorn/the-legend-of-432-abercorn/ In the UK the legend of Spring Heeled Jack scares me.  ITT: Every weird neighbor is Boo Radley. There a tunnel leading from the west side of the island to the east (windward, leeward) on Oahu. It's on the H3 heading northeast by Honolulu. Ok, look it up yourself. Anyway, supposedly, this person was about to drive through the tunnel with their kids in the back seat, and there was a rock slide. The car was crushed, and if I remember the story correctly, it was only the children that died. So legend has it, a cop pulled over a person because they didn't have their kids strapped into their seats. The person says, "but I don't have kids". The cop says, "then why did I see kids hands all over your back window? See, there are the handprints." The courthouse clock of my hometown was reported to be cursed by a wrongly accused man who was hung.

 On March 18, 1921, while awaiting his death, convicted killer Albert Howard cursed the clock forever. Legend has it that while he was awaiting his execution, Howard would look outside the cell window and concentrate on the number of hours he had left to live. He swore to those who would listen (and many who wouldn't) that his innocence would be proven by the clock. He claimed that the hands of the four clocks would never show the same time again. Sure enough, he was hanged, and the clocks went haywire. 

They couldnt get it to work properly again until 1990. A man with three eyes lives in the tunnels underneath our college campus and occasionally comes out to murder and/or rape people. The last sighting was in 1993, so I'm guessing the freak is dead now. Amityville Horror story There's the story of Devil's Road, in southeastern PA. There's a house completely isolated on a hillside, surrounded by fields and woods. There are a few legends, that it was the house of a Satanic cult that practiced human sacrifices being the main rumor. Another is that it was a DuPont house, used to hide the deformed children resulting from all the inbreeding. But wait--there's more!  The trees lining the road are all growing away from the house, as though recoiling in horror. There's a prominent tree on the road that has a skull shape growing in the roots that are exposed on the cutaway of the shoulder. And supposedly, people find mutilated animal carcasses hanging from trees at key times of the year, like the equinoxes and some full moons. I've been there and seen the trees and the skull. The house itself is hard to see from the road, and I didn't see dead animals. I will, however, say that the area is pretty creepy. Like, lock your doors/get out before dark. Here's a link: http://catierhodes.com/2012/05/urban-legends-the-devils-road/

The info there is a pretty good explanation.  There's a tunnel that runs under what used to be train tracks. Three kids were playing on the tracks one day when a train came. They jumped off the tracks, but fell to their death. If you drive into the tunnel at night and turn your car/headlights off, you're supposed to be able to hear kids laughing. Some people have even claimed to have seen small handprints on their car afterward. There is a bridge in the middle of a rich neighborhood nearby. There are gates that are very high up the bridge so people can't jump off. Supposedly they are there because several "normal" teenagers jumped off the bridge to kill themselves. I guess people say that they weren't depressed or anything, and in the middle of the night just walked to the bridge and jumped. Also, the neighborhood it's in is like, large old houses in a foresty kind of area. Not a urban legend by any means, just creepy knowing about this happening.

http://murderpedia.org/male.B/b/browning-nicholas.htm In the city that i'm from there was this taco restaurant that closed shop and left town a couple months after a string of murders were commited where the bodies were never recovered. Apparently its alleged that the owner/cook was the murderer and was using human meat in the tacos. They found victims of the Green River murderer within 15 miles of my home. Plus he worked 2 minutes from my first job, and was my cousins husbands coworker. Oh, and Ted Bundy killed the daughter of my fathers coworker, she was picked up right outside the town we lived in at the time. I feel like I grew up in serialkillerville. Cropsey. You need to google Cropsey. St.Louis. the exorcism.  Sloss Furnance in Birmingham, AL. A lot of workers died there. It was on one of those ghost hunter shows. In October they run a haunted house in it. In East Lake Park, suburbof Birmingham a man drowned his daughter in the early 1900's. Went there tons as a kid never knew. House a few miles down the road from me has ghostly screams at night. A hotel burned down near it in the 1900's. It looks that old maybe connected? Girls from my high school had a car crash three of the four died. Two were in my grade. The one survivor had a younger sister in my grade too. To go to the technical school we had to pass where they crashed every day twice a day. It has a cross marking it.
TL;DR: Read about legends from The South. We have tons of olds creepy stories. Chimp attack ripped a lady's face off. Knowing how much Reddit loves cats they'll love this story, not really scary but weird. There was this kid when my dad was younger they called him cat killer (not to bright back then). He would find very strange ways to kill cats dad told me some ways he killed he would bury the cat up to their head and run them over with a lawn mower or hit with a golf club. A pig farmer use to take hookers from the slums, have sex with them, kill them, and feed them to his pigs. He's believed to have killed close to 50 women. Creepiest part is I've seen this guy around multiple times. My buddy's parents even went over to his farm for a BBQ. In my hometown, there was a guy called The Alphabet Killer. There was a movie made about him in case you never hear of him. Also, here's a wiki link about it:
 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alphabet_murders Catman of Greenock, Scotland. I'd heard a lot of stories about him when I was a child, he was a crazy Russian sailor, he was just an old drunkard, neds broke his legs and cut out his tongue, he lived under the buses at the bus depot. Not sure if any of them are true, but there's video of ''him'' and I know a lot of people who swear having seen him and believe he's absolutely real.

Short doc on this myth. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tD0jVBMJ8ak Grew up next to the lovely town that hung an elephant in 1916.  The elephant killed his trainer and the townsfolk capture the elephant.  Had a trial the elephant was found guilty.  Elephant was hung by a railroad crane.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_(elephant) Ted Bundy in Tallahassee at FSU. Shit gives me the [creeps](http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/tLPZmPaHme0/maxresdefault.jpg). There was a very old and famous hotel on the main square of my childhood town, built sometime in the 1700's.  It still functioned as a hotel and ballroom, with a tavern inside and there were always people hanging out on the rocking chairs and swings on the huge wrap-around porch.  I used to go there with my dad and eat rock candy from the little shop next door.  The library tower was said to be haunted by the ghost of a woman who would tease people by switching their jewelry,  snagging gowns on nails in the wall, or flipping all the books on a shelf upside down.  Anyway, when I was about 7 or 8, the hotel's owner went bankrupt and couldn't bear to sell the property that had been in his family for generations.  So he doused the ballroom (which was in the center of the hotel on the ground floor) in gasoline, locked himself in, and set it on fire.  The hotel burned to the ground with him in it, and one of the most famous photos shows the shape of a woman made of white smoke exiting the window of the library tower, surrounded by flame and black smoke. I grew up in Vallejo, CA. My dad worked for the City and his co-workers wife was killed by the Zodiac Killer.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zodiac_killer I live in Honolulu. There's way too many, I can't name them all. A small bar in my hometown is supposedly haunted. The place was originally a morgue in the early 1800s and there was a child's tombstone found under the basement steps when they remodeled in the 70's. In the 50's one of the waitresses was murdered in the bar as they were closing up. Food kind of sucks though.  A little late to the party, but in the town below where I live on the map was (and still is) full of rich kids. There's a bridge in one of the neighborhoods, Trowbridge, on this rich side where a train used to go under. When the train used to go through, the local depressed rich kids would go to kill themselves by jumping off the bridge (100ft drop). The kids would usually jump off it every half hour on the house so the train could dismember their corpse. It's a pretty popular spot during Halloween among the people that know about it. I know some friends that went there to film a video, and they snapped a picture of their friend running, and by his foot you can see something like a face. (I shit you not. My friend who took it showed it to me. You can barely see it, but you can tell something in that area of the picture isn't right.) People go to it and hope to see things or hear things, but recently cops have began to patrol the area because it's technically trespassing because the bridge and train tracks are federal property. But no one gives a shit. That's the Michigan difference. (probably not, but I just really wanted to use that sentence at least once in this. Because...Michigan.) There is a man made lake in my hometown of San Pedro (Los Angeles) California.  Some guy put a baby alligator in the lake and it grew up to be huge!  The alligator was named Reggie.   I was apparently haunted when I was a kid.
Shit would fall through the ceiling under my room all the time and I would go to bed and wake up sleeping outside my room in the hallway. I don't remember any of it, though. Riverdale Road in Thornton is sapoused to be the most haunted place in Colorado. There's story's of a jogging man, three witches, abused slaves, and a "woman in white".  [There is this bridge where I grew up called "Emily's Bridge](http://www.emilysbridge.com/) in Stowe, Vermont. Apparently, the bride to be killed herself on the bridge or something (so many different tales about the specifics). It's this little, covered, single lane bridge that some of my friends would SWEAR that they have seen apparitions or voices by. Stay away on Halloween. Where I grew up we had a lumber mill. Back in the day the owner of the mill would have people in the town over for dinner with his family. The family was a set of wooden people. Wife. Kids. Dog.  [The Mayne Inheritance]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mayne_Inheritance) refers to the madness supposedly inherited by the children of a butcher who murdered a bloke and supposedly stole a fair bit of money, using it to set up shop in the central business district. This is treated with a fair bit of cynicism, as each child inherited a different 'madness', from fits of uncontrollable rage, to acting a little strange, to homosexuality. All things said, it's more of a sad tale than creepy, as it's quite possible that any strangeness developed by the children occurred later in life as a result of being shunned in their formative years.  The story that inspired the Exorcist took place in the neighborhood across the street from my university. There was a swamp right by the high school in a town I used to live in. The rumour was that if you scratched your skin anywhere around the swamp, your flesh would rot away.


This town happened to be a hotspot for [*mycobacterium ulcerans*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mycobacterium_ulcerans) infections, so this wasn’t all that far-fetched.
 That there was a seaweed monster that would come from the sea and stalk children. Well this is what I was told as a child http://www.truecrimelibrary.com/crime_series_show.php?id=1293&amp;series_number=11

Village of 100 people. Nobody knows who did it.

*Riiight.* Seen the movie "The Possession"?  Yeah, the current owner of the dibbuk box in the movie lives in the town I go to university in.  NO THANK YOU. There's a tiny rural cemetery next to a creek about 20 minutes from my home.  Supposedly, if you set of candy bar on the bridge, and walk backward away from the bridge, across the road, then go back, the candy will have disappeared.  Also, if you drive backwards through the cemetery drive, creepy voices can be heard on your AM radio.

But, then, it's located in a town that's called "Matlock", so it's obviously fake. Avon Haunted Bridge.  http://avon-indiana.funcityfinder.com/the-haunted-bridge-of-avon-indiana/ I grew up in a valley in the foothills of the Green Mountains. A large portion of the land which lies beyond that which my family owns was owned by a family who had been there for quite a few years, their ancestors having moved their in the early 1900s. The woods there used to be clear cut farmland, so there are many stone walls and rundown hunting cabins and sheds and whatnot. In the early '80s, the grandfather of the generation who currently lives on this land was alone in the woods, cutting firewood with a chainsaw. The saw slipped, and he was horribly mangled. From what my father told me, his abdomen and groin area were completely destroyed. He dragged himself through the woods to a hunting cabin, his I presume. There he ended his life with a shotgun. When he didn't return back to the house that night, his wife went out to the area he'd been chopping wood to look for him. She followed the trail of blood he left to the cabin. Upon finding him, she was overcome with grief and hung herself from the rafters. They were found by their adult daughter a few weeks later when she came home from college. It took quite a while for police to piece together what had happened, but eventually they deemed both deaths suicides. People still roam these woods, including my father and brother and I, cutting firewood with chainsaws. Firewood is an absolute necessity in the winter there, and it's much cheaper to cut and split one's own. Still, every spring, when it's time to cute wood so it'll have time to dry by the fall, I get chills listening to the chainsaws ring out through the trees. Especially when the droning suddenly stops.    I like in a small town in wisconsin . the biker gang hells angels had a member try and leave the gang but the gang wouldn't have it so they went into his family's house and murdered his wife and child and killed him too. happened back in the 60s I believe  It was back in the 60's-80's and the city had to move a building which was supposedly haunted by General Sherman, so they moved it. Well they were working on it getting electricity and renovating the building because it was extremely old. So my dad's friend was working on it and he was maybe 18. The house didn't have electricity to it yet. The guy got in the elevator on the top floor and was working and the door close and it opened up on the first floor so he called my dad and they went to a diner and he told my dad what happened. Google Waverly Hills Sanatorium. I don't have enough time to explain the history nor the pure creep out factor of the drive up there, let alone the actual hospital.  It was an old TB hospital shut down maaaaaany moons ago. Suicides. Deaths. Sickness. Place has been on ghost hunters and everything.  It had a Halloween special a few years ago, guy said it was the only place he'd been too that he thought was really haunted. I grew up (and still live) no more than 20 minutes from that place. Seriously, it's creepy as fuck..

Edit:  forgot to mention it was in the top three scariest/most haunted places in the U.S. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelle_Remembers

It has apparently been debunked, but when I was a kid even the cover of that book scared the shit out of me. Well I live in Mira Loma, California and the area where I went to highschool which was close to many dairy farms, was the place to which the movie Changeling is based where 20 or so odd children were kidnapped, murdered and buried. A school bus full of kids got hit by a train when the bus stopped at the tracks. They say if you go at night and stop in the middle of the tracks and pour baby powder on the car youll see little hands and your car will start moving. My cousin tryied this and he swears its true.
 I used to live in a small town in rural Arizona. There was a man there, around 40 or 50, who lived in a rundown shack in the outside of town. Every day at exactly 9:52 am, he would stroll into the café that I owned. He would sit down at the exact same table every time and take pictures of people walking by. He would always leave at exactly 11:24. This man later became know to hunt snakes. He would to it all day, excluding the time spent at my café. He would then sauté the snakes and offer them to people on the street. He has since been arrested and nobody in my old town has heard from him or seen him again.
 I know this is a pretty common myth, but in my town it appears to be true. I live in the Capitol of the Cherokee Nation and there's an elementary school that was built on top of an Indian graveyard. Apparently they attempted to move all the bodies down the street, but when the school was first built some teachers found bones. 
PROOF: http://tahlequahdailypress.com/features/x519336734/All-the-old-haunts?mobRedir=false I grew up in a rather rich town. A homeless woman, who actually came from an incredibly wealthy family, used to roam the streets, sometimes keeping to herself, sometimes hassling people. She always had this huge dog, I think a Great Dane, and one day, some cops found her having sex with it behind a bush just off the main road (still a busy spot though). I felt bad for her....and the dog. She committed suicide after they took the pup away by jumping in front of the local train. Used to live in indianapolis. My friend used to live in the house that one of the first serial killers, H.H. Holmes used to live in. He haf a gigantic wood-burning stove in his basement. It was, inevitably, haunted as fuck. Axe murder hollow in Erie PA http://hauntsandhistory.blogspot.com/2007/10/axe-murder-hollow.html ITT: X Files episodes.  Only one man, Nathan Burgess, was ever hanged in the history of my rural county in central Illinois.  A railroad watchman was found killed with his own shotgun. Burgess was convicted of the murder and was hanged publicly in the courthouse square, even though he proclaimed his innocence all the way to the gallows.

Many years later, on his deathbed, Burgess's father confessed to the murder.  He had borrowed his son's shoes, stolen the watchman's gun, and killed him, because he felt the watchman's job should have gone to his son.  He even told his son during the trial not to worry, because he believed an innocent man would never be convicted. The cowardly father never told his son the truth about the murder.  

So there's probably a vengeful ghost in the courthouse or something. Well known university town. There's an old insane asylum that is now an office. Rumor has it that one patient escaped long ago. In a sealed off area in the attic, they eventually found an impression on the floor that was slightly off in colour and roughly the same height as the missing person. However, the missing patient disappeared entirely and no further evidence was ever found. There's a road called Sheep Island road and supposedly every night you can see a lantern floating across the road from a lady looking for her dead husband.  My hometown has an old hotel that is supposedly haunted.  A lady stayed in one of the rooms accompanied with her cat and her new husband.  From what I heard, the husband left to get medication or something and never returned.  The lady decided to starve to death, also taking the cat with her.  People say weird things about the room being haunted, like it becoming excessively hot randomly.  The main bit about the haunting is people say they can see her walking around the halls of the hotel.

There is also another old hotel not far from that, which has a similar story.  Husband left his newly wedded wife and never returned for again whatever reason.  She then also killed herself, which I've heard was by hanging.  People say she can be seen around the hotel, especially crying.  Other reports were of seeing her hanging, or even feeling a mysterious presence.

Now that I have read up a bit on these, I can't believe how similar they are.  Must do more research. There's a train tunnel in our town and its not very long but its long enough to be pitch black inside at some points. Story around town is that there are little pockets inside the tunnel where people do drugs and stuff. Also there was supposedly a guy who died on the tracks walking through the tunnel and of you walk through the tunnel at midnight you will hear faint echoes resembling faint screaming. I reject anything supernatural but am too much of a pansy to try it. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Brennan_Crutchley

This guy was creepy. Also worked at the same company as he did North of Philadelphia here. The area I live in dates back to precolonial/colonial days so it's got that old and creepy feel.

First, there's an old abandoned bridge about 30 feet in the air, it's still accessible just has no traffic through it. If you go there at night and turn your car off and wait 10 minutes you can hear babies crying.

Second that's not too creepy. Somewhere in northern PA there's supposed to be a midget town hidden out in the woods. Like everything is midget sized. Everything. They also say it's guarded by heavily armed (presumably midget) guards. Well this is a favorite from my town. There was once an ugly barnacle, he was so ugly that everyone died. The end  that the kkk still meets at stone mountain. gives me the creeps We've got the Black Sisters, a pair of alleged witches that ran an all girls school that apparently were in the murder/torture racket. One died in a fire, the other drowned, buried in unmarked graves and rumored to haunt the new school that was built in the same place the old one was; black cloaked figures wandering the halls.  Cal State University Channel Islands was built on an old mental hospital, Some of the old hospital buildings are just sitting on the campus abandoned,  I wouldn't say I believe in ghosts, but I wouldn't look in the windows without someone with me.  There are a lot of stories of weird stuff happening there and I believe it was on an episode of one of the ghost hunter shows Just outside of Danville, KY is an old house that's suppose to be haunted. The simple White House has black shutters and all are kept open except one and it's permanently closed shut. Throughout the years as the house changed ownership, new owners would remodel and open the closed shutters. And each time the shutter remained open a fatal accident would occur in front of the house. This happened about 5 times before the shutters on the one window were sealed shut. No more fatal wrecks.  In my rural, Illinois town of 2,100 people, while I was in high school, a man hung himself on the lawn of the town's grade school in the middle of the night.  He was found the following morning before any kids arrived.

It was kept pretty quiet, though, so I can't find any references to it on Google. It didn't happen here, but it happened in a nearby one, and is really commonly talked about here. Apparently several years back in a Water Polo tournament some disturbed boy hid a straight razor in his speedo, then slashed a bunch of people under the water. There was tons of blood in the pool, and as soon as he got out the coaches tackled him, smashing and scraping him against the rough concrete by the pool. It was usually just ignored as an urban legend until the coach heard us talking about that and confirmed it. I think the mothman is the only big thing here. That and I live in what is a renovated elementary school  that's my house now. I've been told by multiple people that there was a kid that slipped and fell in the gym, had a seizure and died. I didn't like going down there before at night. I sure as fuck don't like going down there now. I don't believe in anything beyond death, very rational, but fuuuuck that noise. Still weirds me out that a kid died in my house.  midget town-Long Beach CA The Bunny Man Bridge.  Supposedly a tiger escaped from a circus truck thing and ate two kids at a summer camp I use to attend. poor lil Lauren Spierer .. her body still hasn't been found ..  This... A slaughterhouse on the grounds of an old mental hospital and cemetery
http://cressida.websitewelcome.com/~weirdnj/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=99&amp;Itemid=28 I grew up in kingston, jamaica and there was a house up the road from mine that was rumoured to have been a house that practiced "obeah" (jamaican voodoo)... There was one night when the whole neighborhood heard blood curdling screaming and chanting, and the next day there was reports of a murder taking place on the road that night. 

I rode my bike past the house and saw the verandah from the road, there were unplucked chickens hanging, candles and weird shit laying about and an especially demonic, maingy looking dog guarding the lot.

 So OP... are you Sam, or Dean?  I live about 20 minutes from one of Canada's most infamous serial killers : Robert "willy" Pickton. The day he finally got caught, we happened to drive right by his farm, tho at the time we didn't really know or understand what all the commotion was . the news was literally just breaking, the street was crowded  with the police cars and coroners car and hazmat tents/ suits,news crews,  and the parents and other family members of the victims were holding vigil at the front gates... I still feel bad for being in the area at the time, like a Lookie-Lou , seeing those people in their grief ... I grew up in New Jersey. There's ALL KINDS of weird shit here. 

In my town, there is, supposedly, a gateway to Hell. It's really just a spooky old storm drain full of graffiti, but it's still goddamn creepy. 

There was also a crazy lady who's house had smashed windows, and the inside was covered in all kinds of anti-Semitic messages. You didn't even have to sneak in or anything, you could easily see this stuff from the main street the house is on. I think she got evicted or committed or something, because it's a normal house now. 

The next town over from where I live now has [this former insane asylum](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essex_County_Hospital_Center) which is both creepy as shit, and supposedly haunted. 
 Just behind my house is all now county property, remains of what used to be a mental institution still stand. It is reportedly the first institution of its kind to use electro shock therapy, patients used to escape all the time often found wandering the streets of my town with burn/electrocution marks on there heads. Not confirmed but supposedly was at one time a home for the criminally insane. Imagine shutter island in your backyard essentially. I think it was called overbrook mental institution. It's in a magazine article from Weird New Jersey. There was this drunk guy who used to go around with a shovel telling people he'd beat the moles in their yard to death for $10 A kid was playing chicken with the cars outside my school. It was a 55mph zone and he was hit. Those who were there say the eyeballs popped out of his head.

Fuck, man. This happened last year. :( Their is a story about a girl and a guy who drove out into the woods after prom to hang out. The guy raped her and killed her and her body was never found. This all happened at a dead end in the road in the woods where the fog is usually dense. My friends and i went out there one day and some sick asshole propped up a fake girl with long black hair and a white dress. My balls never dropped so hard when i noticed it.  Belgian town with many Marl caves and in the sixties, they gathered there for occult sacrifices and rituals. They would kill young girls and stuff. There is this creepy run down house in my town. Everyone calls it the Heimberger House. Its about 50 meters off the road in a field that is unused by the farmers who live across the street. 

It is said that the house had a fire, and the family of four that lived in it had died. I believe that the daughter caused the fire after killing her mother or something like that. Anyway, if you visit the house at night, you are able to supposedly see the apparition of the little girl holding the knife. I've visited it at night but didn't see it since my GF got extremely scared and we left.

If you visit it during the day, however, you can see the numerous holes in the floor, the burned beds, even the piano the family owned. The house was completely untouched after it burned down, except for the fact that the bodies wee removed. The upstairs is reachable, but the slope of the stairs makes it quite a climb. I may try to post pictures if I get the balls to go again.

TL; DR old burned down house, ghost girl with knife We had a man on the run back in about 1999-2000. He had apparently gotten into a fight with a neighbour and killed them, and a police officer that came to investigate. As I was in early primary school, I remember my school being on high alert. Bathroom trips required a teacher to go with students during the week he was on the run. One day, our school went into lockdown because he ran through our school grounds, supposedly with a rifle. The news reported that he was hiding out in a big nature reserve called "Bunyaville Park" in the middle of a few large suburbs. For the time he spent there, to make it easier for children I suppose, he was referred to as a bunyip (in Australia, the bunyip is a monster). Everyone was warned to stay away from this park because of the bunyip. Eventually he was apparently killed in a fire-fight with the police and his blood remained on a pathway for many years after, and IIRC, there are signs saying to look out for the bunyip blood around the park. 

Tl;dr: murderer hid in a park and locals called him a "bunyip" so as to shelter the children. His blood was still on the cement pathways five years later. (not sure if the bloodstains are still there, but most people my age remember the bunyip of Bunyaville)

EDIT: As a user has informed me, he didn't kill his neighbour, but threatened him. Two police officers were shot. And he was found in Downfall Reserve. 
 When my parents were kids there was a teenager in the neighborhood who was known by the name of Biggie Rat. Apparently he was a goth kid in a trench coat or a cape who wore all black and had piercings. The stories were that he held satanic rituals in graveyards and worshiped satin. Most likely he was just a bored goth kid, but when you're in 4th-5th grade you like to come up with your own answers for people who aren't 'normal'. rural town in PA. Supposed a family that lives in a farmhouse miles outside town. They only breed in family and are never seen outside. some say they are deformed looking creatures. One day, two FBI agents came to our town and all hell broke loose  We have "water babies." They're children of incest that look seriously fucked up.

There's a covered bridge that they will jump out or onto your car at night if you drive through it. Cars will even stop in it to see if the myth is true or not.

That covered bridge is creepy in general though.  The homeless millionaire who rode his stolen bike around town was part of the Illuminati until they made him go insane. He then spent 14 years stealing licence plates off of cars using a screwdriver while screaming "MY EYES HAVE VOICES! MAKE MY NOSTRILS STOP RECITING SHAKESPEARE!". He ended up jumping into traffic to make the voices stop and now it's said his ghost haunts the bagel shop. Not my town, but a couple towns over, there's a creepypasta about it. I've been trying to avoid the town for a while now.
There's an abandoned mental hospital at the top of a hill in Worcester, Massachusetts. Once every five years an old rusty box spring appears within the courtyard of the hospital.
If you can sneak inside and sleep through the night on the bed, in the morning a man with a shirt that reads “Observe and Absolve” will take out his wallet and give you a picture. This picture will show you how you will die.
If the picture is of the man standing before you, running won’t help.
 In Marblehead, Ma there is this old story about a woman who was on a spanish ship in the harbor and pirates came and robbed the ship and killed everyone on the ship except for this one beautiful lady who was well dressed with jewelery. The pirates took all her jewelery except her emerald ring that wouldn't come off her swollen finger. The pirates then decided to plunder marblehead while everyone fleed to the woods. The beautiful lady jumped ship and swam to shore and made it to the shore which is called Lovis cove where the pirates had caught up with her again. They beat her mercilessly while she lay there screaming louder than ever and saying "Oh mercy, Lord, Jesus Christ, save me!" and they finally cut her finger off taking the ring. When the towns people came back they saw the womans mutilated body on the beach and re-named it  "Screeching Lady Beach at Lovis Cove". Legend has it that every year on the anniversary of her death you can hear her cold blooded screams.   Up in the mountain very close to my town is supposed to be a town of dwarfs and little people. It has been dubbed "Midgetville" and countless people have sworn they have been there but recently all access anywhere near it has been gated off thus making the temptation to visit it even stronger. ITT: to kill a mocking bird references Dunno why, but this one creeps me out http://dotydocs.theatreinlondon.ca/Archives/yesterday/small.htm My hometown in Ohio had a family of inbred "mongoloids" who would shoot at you if you went on their secluded property hidden way out in the country. Everyone had a parent, or a friend of a friend that supposedly saw them.
 Apparently my town and surrounding areas experienced mass hysteria and started killing a bunch of witches. lol Salem. Uwe Boll supposedly has a house in my hometown (Richmond Hill, Ontario). My school is supposedly haunted. I go to Chatham University. We are part of the national haunted tour if anyone has ever heard of that. Anyways my school is made out of mansions that used to be Andrew Mellon's summer home community. All of these mansions were connected by secret underground tunnels. These tunnels were so the men in the community could secretly hook up with their mistresses. There are 6-7 mansions that make up my schools' campus all attached by these tunnels. The men would travel through the tunnels and meet their lovers at night. One of the wives of the men found out and she had the mistress (a maid for another mansion) executed by personally hanging her over a staircase. This mansion has now been converted into a dorm. Apparently you can hear the maid's ghost at night playing sad songs on the piano. She will also visit the dorm rooms and sit on the edge of your bed. I know numerous students who have claimed to see her. Strangely enough, a student about 10 years ago hung herself over the same staircase. 


There are some other ghost stories as well. One of the characters in The Conjuring is an alumni of my school. Also there is apparently the ghost of a little boy who fell out of the window in one of the dorms. He loved to play basketball. I lived on the top floor of this dorm my first year. You can actually hear a basketball bouncing at night. He's known as Tuxedo Man. He's seems to always have a tux on and will post signs up outside his house with the weirdest messages on them. I remember seeing a green military looking truck/van sitting out side with something scrawled on it in paint that said something about Vietnam and how he'd never forget. I believe he was too young to be in 'Nam. He also lives with his mother, a woman who looks about 70, short and fat. I've heard he abuses her constantly, and once locked her him a closet for hours. When the police arrived (I'm unsure how they were called), she refused to press charges. He's a pretty strange fella, that's for sure. Oh, he's also a self professed Satanic worshiper. When ever I'm home, I still see him wander about.  Probably about a year ago, there was actually a man who killed and ate his own wife in my hometown, while I was living in town. There was a pretty big uproar about it. *^^English ^^people ^^could ^^take ^^over*^^. ^^\(Montreal\) There's this cult off the highway near the town I live in. (In Wisconsin) These people with masks stand outside of this huge plot of land next to a car and stop anyone that tries to go in. No one I know knows what's inside. Last time I heard though, police were starting to look into it.

EDIT: this driveway is the only way onto the land I think, but idk its sort of out in the boonies When they built the priory by me near 1000 years ago, apparently one of the wooden beams was too big, so it got left on a hill where they were doing parts of the construction. The next day, the beam was gone, and found in its place in the building, a perfect fit. Apparently it was Jesus. If you ask anybody by me hand you heard of 'the miraculous beam', that's the story they'll tell you.  Lucas Crukshank and Snoop Dog live relatively close to me, that's a horror story in itself. Not so much creepy, but apparently when my high school was being built, en electrician/engineer/random construction worker fell to his death from the rafters in the auditorium. A Google for "Larry A Ryle High School ghost" comes up with several versions of the story online. Teachers swore to us that they never went in there after hours. One teacher of mine told us the story that after going to the bathroom, she came back to find all of her desks had been rotated 180 degrees.

I tried to convince her to arrange a sleepover of sorts (it was an AP Psychology class) for students, but nothing came of it. "Stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop."

Hey Arnold "*Return the slab or suffer my curse*"- King Ramses (Courage the Cowardly Dog) "Woah... heytherelittlemama." - Johnny Bravo "You can't just buy superpowers!"
"Oh yeah? Well, tell that to Batman!"

Powerpuff Girls It'ssss hot... In Topeka.
~Blooregard Q. Kazoo. Here's the mail, it never fails. It makes me wanna wag my tail. When it comes I wanna wail...MAAAAIIILLLLLLLLLLL "Is mayonnaise an instrument?" - Patrick Star  F is for friends who do stuff together... Omelette du fromage. "Mornings are so much better when they happen at noon." - Raphael from TMNT.   "NO!  It's for the customer!" - Spongebob "You must never give into dispair. Allow yourself to slip down that road and you surrender to your lowest instincts. In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength." - Iroh from Avatar The Last Airbender Nimhoymenoy - DoodbleBob What's up, doc? "Cynthia,she's a really cool dancer"-rugrats "Canadians are weird." - Ed from "Ed, Edd, &amp; Eddy" "Some people care too much … I think it’s called love."- Winnie the Pooh
 "When you do things right, people will think you've done nothing at all" -God from futurama. I guess it's not really a children's cartoon but it really really stuck with me.

If you're looking for children's children's cartoon then there's always "Patrick you're a genius" "some people call me that" "what, a genius?" "No, Patrick" -spongebob squarepants The true mind can weather all the lies and illusions without being lost. The true heart can tough the poison of hatred without being harmed. Since beginningless time darkness thrives in the void, but always yields to purifying light. 

-- The Lion Turtle Spongebob: Patrick, I don't really hate you. It's opposite day.

Patrick: Opposite day? I've heard of that!

Spongebob: You have?

Patrick: No! What is it? "You keep the money!" - Oscar from 'Hey Arnold!'

Edit because I forgot how to childhood "This is my family. It's little, and broken...but still good."
--Lilo and Stitch "It's not the beard on the outside that counts, it's the beard on inside." I try to live by Action Hank's words every day. "Losing [him] was the hardest thing that ever happened to me. I felt like a toy without batteries. But love’s like that sometimes." -Angelica Pickles, everyone. Like bitch just explained break up related depression and she's three. I'm just a bill

yes I'm only a bill

and I'm sitting here on capital hill Many from Calvin and Hobbes:

1. "It's a magical world, Hobbes ol' buddy. Lets go exploring"
2. "If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I'll bet they'd live a lot differently... when you look into infinity, you realize that there are more important things then what people do all day."
3. “We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.”
4. “Some times I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.”

And probably more "And I woulda gotten away with it too, if it hadn't a been for these meddling kids."
--Scooby Doo

 I also learned the word meddling.  "Work smarter, not harder."

Scrooge McDuck **"DESTROY US ALL"
-Billy** "Kill the wabbit, kill the wabbit" from What's Opera Doc. Classic Bugs Bunny. "Omelette Du Fromage" - Dexter CHOCOLATE! -Wierd Guy from Spongebob who orgasms at the thought of Chocolate. "happy happy. Joy joy" ~Ren and Stimpy "Eating greens is a special treat, It makes long ears and great big feet." -Thumper
I still eat the green of strawberries  "We Love Our Bread, We Love Our Butter, But most of all, We Love Each Other" -Madeline ;______; "I put the fires out."

"You made them worse."

"Worse? Or better?"

-Invader Zim "Ruh roh" Voice of Hogarth: "You are who you choose to be."

Iron Giant: "Supermannnnn."

Nuclear bomb: "Boom." The power, is YOURS! -Captain Planet I now see that the circumstances of one's birth do not matter. It's what you do with the gift of life that defines you.

-Mewtwo, First Pokemon Movie "The inner-machinations of my mind are an enigma"
-Patrick Star "You got sand in the potato salad!" -Squid (Rocket Power) Spongebob: Patrick! You're alive.
Patrick: I am? "Weesnaw" - SBSP "wabbit season...duck season...wabbit season...duck season!" Devil: WELCOME TO HECK.  

Heffer: Uhh, isn't it supposed to be-

Devil: Na aw aw, censors. By the power of Greyskull. I have the power. 
He-Man "I'll get you next time Gadget!" - Dr. Claw "Is this the Krusty Krab?" "No, this is Patrick."  I'll tell you the story of the Ugly Barnacle. There once was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly, everybody died. The End.
- Patrick Star "I'm like a woodpecker, except with dirt! - Ed from Ed Edd and Eddy. Oh god, so many...mostly coming from Spongebob or Fairly Oddparents or something.

But if we're talking about meaningful ones, it has to be "A baby's gotta do what a baby's gotta do." Honey, forever is a long time.  And, time has a way of changing things.  -Big Mama (Fox and the Hound) Imaginaaaaaaation Ya dont win friends with sal-AD! "Wanna know what's funnier than 24..? 25!" From Ed in Full Metal Alchemist:
"There’s no such thing as a painless lesson. They just don’t exist. Sacrifices are necessary. You can’t gain anything without losing something first. Although, if you can endure that pain and walk away from it, you’ll find you now have a heart strong enough to overcome any obstacle. Yeah, a heart made *full metal*.." "Remember, on other planets it's illegal to lick doorknobs." - spongebob "Hey you! Get your buns out of my eyes!" Filburt - Rocko's Modern Life Grandpa: In 80 years, I've only earned one thing for sure.
Arnold: What's that?
Grandpa: Never eat raspberries.

-Hey Arnold Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!! "I have become my dream! I am buttered toast!" Ed from Ed, Edd and Eddy "There's a BOMB in the LASAGNA!!" - Doug Yabadabadooooo
 Not a line, but remember that episode of Hey Arnold! where Arnold wins the eating contest with the bite of whipped cream from the most delicious sundae ever? Everytime I eat something with whipped cream I take the first bite and lift my spoon into the air triumphantly.  Are you feeling it *now* Mr. Krabs? - Spongebob Squarepants PREPARE FOR TROUBLE. "I wanna be a man! Like the nice Lady!" - Ren &amp; Stimpy I am the cheese! I am the best character on this show! I am better than both the salami and the bologna combined! (Rocko's Modern Life) "I'm a little seal girl livin' in the real world, and it's so hard to get by.....cause seals can't even cry."
-As Told By Ginger "Babes" 
-My man Johnny Bravo  "My elalator! No you elalator! Elalator go down da hole." 
Seriously... for life.  "I found Prince!"

"No no, finger prints."

"I don't think so."

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xmAC9Qu908 "Now you know, and knowing is half the battle"

...seriously lol...probably the 1st time in my young life I heard a quote and was like "yeahhhh that is true!" I am vengeance! I am the night! I am BATMAN! "LEEDLE LEEDLE LEEDLE LEE" - Patrick Star Ed, Edd, and Eddy. 



Having grown up in a cul-de-sac I can confirm the program had every neighborhood stereotype. "THAT'S THE HIGHEST POWER LEVEL I'VE EVER SENSED!!!!!" 

                 ~take your pick from whichever DBZ character. "It is the nature of humankind to fear what they do not understand." -Goliath

I loved the show Gargoyles. 

Oh and "Cowabunga!" from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  "Pull the lever Cronk!" Emperors New Groove Kamehameha! This line from Juniper Lee where her little brother asks some mundane question, and the dog answers with this really vague and wordy response. The brother just looks at the dog and says "Can't you just say 'I don't know?'". I always think of that line when some ignorant person feels the need to answer stuff they don't know about. "Mutiny makes me very angry....very angry indeed!" Marvin Martian. Hey squidward you finish those errands? Fox and the Hound - Watcha doin, hibernatin? On ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur.L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.Le Petit PrinceEvery time I read this book, even as an adult, I learn something new. It's incredibly beautiful.  "I failed you. I wish there were another way to say it...I cannot. I can only beg your forgiveness, and pray you hear me somehow, some place. Some place...where a warm hand waits for mine." - Batman: The Animated Series "S'alright" As said by an Indian statue in Scooby Doo. I have no idea why but it has stuck with me for years. "Remember, he was number 1!" -Spongebob squarepants Kim Possible! Bluto to Olive Oyl: *Gee Olive, you'd make swell in the nude!* "You are who you choose to be."

-Iron Giant Well isn't that cute...but it's WRONG

Was glad to hear Ayla say this in the game Awesomenauts. Its from the old Cartoon Network shoe "2 Stupid Dogs". "sucking at something is the first step at being sorta good at something" -jake the dog.  not really from my childhood but a great quote anyways. "dude sucking at something is the first step to being kinda good at something" -Adventure Time Is mayonnaise an instrument? You can save water by turning the faucet off while you brush your teeth.  Ninja Turtles.

Still do it to this day. god damn. I really need to start watching cartoons again. "Look, Mommy, there's a fat man."
"Oh no, Johnny, don't say that, he's not a fat man. He's a fat BOY."
- Hey Arnold

Edit: "You can't fight City Hall / You can't fight Corporate America / They are big and we are small / You can't fight City Hall."
- Rocko's Modern Life, and every other song from that episode.
 I'll never forget how to spell Aardvark, thanks to Arthur! :) F is for Friends who do stuff together.
U is for You and me.
N is for Anywhere and anytime at all.
Down here in the deep blue sea!

Or 

F is for Fire that burns down the whole town.
U is for URANIUM...BOMBS!
N is for No survivors "You must set your sights upon the heights, don't be a mediocrity."

Merlin from the Sword in the Stone. "Turn the page, wash your hands" Of course you know, this means War!

 Hellooooo Nurse Butters quote near the end of "A Beautiful Sadness." http://www.southparkstudios.com/clips/154323/a-beautiful-sadness "Our country reeks of trees, our yaks are really large..." - Ren and Stimpy, Royal Canadian Kilted Yaskmen song. You're a bold kid, Arnold.  A boooold kid. Just pick anyone of Uncle Iroh's lines.  Anything Uncle Iroh said. In Avatar: The Last Airbender when Zuko says he doesn't want to make a life in Ba Sing Se Iroh tells him:

"Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not." STOOP KID'S GONNA LEAVE HIS STOOP! "Once, there was an ugly barnacle.  He was so ugly that EVERYONE DIED.

The end."

-Patrick Star "I'm always there, even if you can't see me" - little foots mother - land before time You can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
-Billy from The Grim Adventures of Billy &amp; Mandy No, man, it goes bee-boo-boo-bop boo-boo-bop. "Texas is dumb" Patrick Star  From Spongebob: 

Squidward - "Why do today what you can put off until tomorrow?"

Mr. Krabs - "What is today but yesterday's tomorrow?"

Makes me want to go and just fucking do something.  "If your knees aren't green by the end of the day, you need to seriously re-examine your life" -Calvin &amp; Hobbes I'm begging you, Prince Zuko! It's time for you to look inward and start asking yourself the big question: who are *you* and what do *you* want?"

I'm still trying to find my way, Uncle Iroh. I'll find my dream soon. "Hey buddy did you just roll in from stupidtown?" "Yep yep yep!" 

Ducky, The Land Before Time

 A prayer? In a public school?! God has no place here! Just like fact has no place in organized religion! - Super Nintendo Chalmers I'm ready, promotion. 

S.Bob Kid you're gonna love her till the day you die- Duckman "AN OBJECT AT REST CANNOT BE STOPPED!" where's the kaboom? there was supposed to be a very loud kaboom?!? ed ed n eddy
Ed: "COOKIE DOUGH! Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum..." [There's some cheese left in the Shredder... shredder... shredder...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2Q2w8e_eXg) "Have ya GOT a pi-anna?" Bugs to Yosemite Sam. "I just wonder what Ganon's up to" `Link Darkwing Duck - Let's get dangerous I'm gonna be Hokage someday! Believe it!!- Naruto Uzamaki "Buttered Toast!" -Ed; Ed, Edd n Eddy I agree with you all there are some good quotes in here but we are forgetting the one we all know that's pretty epic

"With great power comes great responsibility"

Spider-Man  ["I yam wot I yam and that's all that wot I yam"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSOJlcyqPu8)

I'm now wondering if he invented AOLSpeak Blathering blatherskite  Pffff yeah right Lisa, you chose fruit you stick with fruit.  'Another day, another nickel..." "Meep, meep" - Roadrunner.
Truly inspirational. "Double D if carrots are good for your eyes, then why can't they dial a phone?" - Ed, Edd n Eddy
 There was a looney toons epidode where (I cant remember who now) had made a club house and the password to get in was "RUBY RED RUDA VEGA" I was a child when I herd it but when ever I hear something is ruby red I think of it.  What's that Brain? Upon staring into a closet crammed full of stuff, 'Better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it'  -Ziggy "If you are happy, then I am happy."

-Entei "I must only use these powers to annoy!" - Bart simpson/Stretch Dude "Ahhh, nut bunnies" - Freakazoid There was a bit from I believe an animaniacs episode where someone is talking to a character who is a police officer, and says something along the lines of you better get in shape, your heart only has 5 million more beats or something. Sorry I don't remember the exact context, but it was the first time I was ever really aware of my own mortality as a child. Not a cartoon, but some video game error screen said something along the lines of "Everything saved will be lost." I don't know what game, or if I even played it, I just remember that sentence. Helloooooooooooooooooo Nurse! FLAMEO HOTMAN! -Aang "Hey, hey, hey, gonna have a good time."
- Fat Albert Helloooooo nurse! "Bad day bad day bad day!!"
-Jackie Chan, Jackie Chan Adventures "See you next Tuesday!"

-Spongebob to Mrs. Puff. "Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!" - Arthur Snoopy: I love humanity, it's people I can't stand. "Patrick, your genius is showing."  
"Where!?!" Meowth from Pokemon the First Movie I believe: We do have a lot in common. 
The same air, the same Earth, the same sky.
Maybe if we started looking at 
what's the same instead of 
always looking at what's different,

...well, who knows? "The lesson is: never try." "Dib: Sorry...I'm late...horrible...nightmare visions..."  
"Ms. Bitters:It's called life, Dib. Sit down!"
 One more thing - Jackie Chan Adventures Beavis: Why do we have to have stuff that sucks? Why can't everything just be cool?
Butthead: Because, like, without stuff that sucks, how would you know what was cool? 

Profound Mike Judge. "Everything's coming up Milhouse!" I will always remember 'P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney' "That's what you do in a herd....you look out for each other".  Manny in Ice Age. Sylvester addressing a group of cats: "Are we men or are we mice?!" 
Littlest cat of the bunch: "I like cheese!"
Sylvester pimp slaps him into a corner.
Hi-larious

Or

Pappy Poopdeck (Popeye's father) goes out and gets shitfaced the night before. Next morning hungover as shit, their cat in the living room walks slowly and silently across the room. "QUIT..THAT..STOMPING AROUND!!!" Most of these replies make me feel old.   Take chances! Make mistakes! And get messy! - The Friz 

Words to live by. "Gravy" - Edd And knowing is half the battle. GI Joe.  No sir, I don't like it. Not so mucha cartoon... but

Don't-cha put it in your mouth That's all folks "Stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop!" "...Dinkleberg!!" CARE BEAR STARE!

Knowing is half the battle.  Woogity woogity woogity - Rocket Power "Maybe it's a gift-- a talent I alone possess!"
"Or maybe it's a curse, a special weirdness that you alone are stuck with!"

-- Fraggle Rock


Not a cartoon per se, but I think it says a lot about life and perspective! Eat my shorts!!-Bart Simpson  Narf!! Most of Vegeta's speeches TIL: I'm older than most Redditors.  Something that I still use all the time:

"Knowing is half the battle!" im fucking old "No sir, I don't like it." -Horse, Ren &amp; Stimpy "Omlette du framage"
-Dexter's Lab "ANIMANEEE, TOTALLY INSANEE, "INSERT ANY ANEE", ANA MANEEEE ACSSS!!!!!" "SweatyYerbinMogginsJensin, he was number one" "If I go, you go, Hugo A-go-go" - ~~Underdog~~ Batfink ["They think I'm crazy, but I know better..."](http://youtu.be/PZCiZpph9jo).  Speech is about 3:30 in but the whole episode is genius. Cook! Cook! Where's my hasenpfeffer!!!!  http://www.ebaumsworld.com/video/watch/82297211/  at 3:51 [*"They've gone to spread the word."*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnGnl-UElVA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=3m27s) Take care of your friends and your friends will take care of you.  What? What are they selling?? An old apple likes to have a shower in the morning. "Nightmares never last, mom. One day you wake up and they're gone." 

-  Future Trunks (Dragon Ball Z - Free the Future) "Eh....what's up, doc?" "...now you know, and knowing is half the battle."

*(optional) G.I. Joeeeee!* That's all folks!  "Superman" - The Iron Giant Dig a hole, dig a hole, dig a hole...
Ed from Ed, Edd, &amp; Eddy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXk_SPXNtEE You're Gonna Carry That Weight Magic must defeat magic. 'Buttered toast "CHOCOLATE" “Think, think, think.” - winnie the pooh I keep my feathers numbered, for just such occasions.  "Move it football head!" - Hey Arnold
 "your not perfect dog" "you'll never be perfect"  
-The weird tentacle monster from courage the cowarly dog  
Weirdest 6 seconds of my life "Yesterday is history, tomorrow, a mystery. 
Today is a gift, that's why we call it the present"
- Master Ugway, Kung-Fu Panda

so...fucking....epic.... Spooooon! "Form Blazing Sword!" Tom and Jerry- "meow Meow" "Ehhhhhh...... What's up, Doc?" "chicks dig giant robots" from megas xlr, also the last episode from boh seasons had a lot of cool quotes (which i dont remember 100%) "I'm ready!" "That's all folks." *Smacks face against the ground

"I am a wood-pecker..."

*Smacks face some more

"Except with dirt..."

-Ed, Edd, and Eddy. Holy shit I loved that show... "If I go, you go Hugo Agogo"

Batfink

8 year old me thought that was absolutely hilarious ["Gnats!"](http://youtu.be/w4pCmuS4co8?t=6m59s)

This is how I learned what those clouds of bugs were that I always walk into. They're right at face-level for me :/ Omelette du fromage -Dexter I am vengeance!! 

I am the night!! 

I...am....BATMAN!!
 
http://youtu.be/4xbbpH-20ak
 "Return the slab.....or suffer my curse." ....man courage the cowardly dog was messed up "The blue ball go down the hole." Hobbes: So the secret to good self-esteem is to lower your expectations to the point where they’re already met? What's up doc- Bugs Bunny "Laundry day is a very dangerous day."

Rocko's Modern Life A cursory evaluation of decepticon capabilities indicate a distinct tactical deficiency! "I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant; it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are." -Mewtwo.
 I don't why, but this has always stuck with me. It's a really good quote. "If Woody had gone right to the police, this would never have happened." Maybe a (Norwegian) commercial for Kinder Surprise, or Kinderegg, as we Norwegians call it, that was the first thing on a Dennis the Menace VHS tape I watched *too* many times (one of the episodes where a circus comes to town). The first part is sung by [terrapins](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-SFO9d_cNYiA/TVP02WsEizI/AAAAAAAADtM/OFjLon1WiGA/s640/Screen%2Bshot%2B2011-02-10%2Bat%2B3.16.06%2BPM.png), and goes like this:

&gt; Vi er terrapiner, full av fest og morro [a couple of worrds I never got that sounds like:] "syngeroskavååårøø", her på vår tropiske ø!

&gt;Translation: We are terrapins, full of party and fun, "singingoskavoryy", here on our tropical island.

And then the Kinder Surprise egg says:

&gt;Hver eneste terrapin er håndmalt, du finner'em bare i Kinderoveraskelser, gutter!

&gt;Translation: Each terrapin is hand painted, you'll only find'em in Kinder Surprises, boys!

Then, the terrapins again:

&gt;Vi er morsomme og rare!

&gt;Translation: We are funny and weird!

Kinder Surprise egg guy:

&gt;En overraskelse full av morro!

&gt;Translation: A surprise full of fun!

And then the terrapins finishes it with something where I can only recall a few words, so I've approximated it a little:

&gt;I den beste Kinder er en terrapin!

&gt;Translation: In the best Kinder, there is a terrapin.

NOTE: As it's about 15 years, maybe more, since I heard this song last time, and the lyrics was kind of hard to make out back then, some of this is **not** what was actually said or sung in the commercial. I still find it fun that I remember it so well. ITT:the feels on the bus go round and round. "Pardon me...can you spare a dime for a fellow American who's down on his luck?" 

- Humphrey Bogart parody on Bugs Bunny Where's the leak ma'am? -Patrick Star "Turn the Page, Wash ya' hands."-Filburt from Rocko's Modern Life "Monsters have the most interesting hairdos." "Pika Pika" - Pikachu, from Pokemon

Gets me every time :'( "work smarter, not harder."   Scrooge McDuck; Ducktales "It's not just a boulder...it's a rock." "If you have to ask, you'll never know." ~Angelica from Rugrats

I don't know why exactly, it's just something I remember. hamboning will save your life one day- the regular show  Patrick: hey! That's not fair!  Cowboys couldn't afford cannons! 

SpongeBob: they couldn't afford station wagons either!  "I should'a turned left in Albuquerque!" -Bugs Bunny
I'm reminded of this every time I'm lost. Which is quite often... "I've wanted to say this to you since the day I met you. Goodbye". - Squidward to Spongebob. 
I actually said this to an asshole kid in my class. I was the sweetest little 4th grader. I guess I was feeling sassy that day. The kid proceeded to slap me in the face and stomp on my foot. We had to go to the principal's office...what a lame final day of 4th grade.  "Find your own brand of cool"

-Blooregard, *Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends* "...and knowing is half the battle." "it's not the beard on the outside, but the beard on the inside that matters."

Dexters Lab "If I had $1 for every brain you don't have, I'd have $1" -Squidwards bubble.
1. Because it is hilarious
2. Because I don't know if it should be $1 or BILLIONS of dollars since Patrick DOESN'T have BILLIONS of brains? It used to cause lots of arguments because I'd think billions and my family said, "No $1!! OmG" Why
Why
Why
Okay, I love you, Buh bye! "To mend and defend" - various characters from Reboot "It's time to duel"
  "hocus pocus abracadabra" A random snake: "Im poisonoussss you know, I bit my tounge once and passed out for like 3 days" 
I have no idea what show I remember this from (might have been Johnny Bravo) but years later it still makes me laugh.  Always buckle your seat belts, and heed the words of the law - Fred Flintstones from 80s version "We repeat, the white mouse will NOT explode" "Fortunately I keep my feathers numbered for just such an occasion."


Foghorn Leghorn. **FIRMLY GRASP IT!**

                -Patrick Star. “I was born with glass bones and paper skin. Every morning I break my legs, and every afternoon I break my arms. At night, I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep.”, from spongebob squarepants

 Lumpy Space Princess: "You wanna touch these lumps? You gotta put a ring on it." "Okay, I love you bye-bye!"-Mindy from Animaniacs Let's get dangerous  24... 25. -Spongebob and Patrick "Victory, a hungry doggy!" - 2 Stupid Dogs

I still use this line for celebratory purposes. C-c-c-c-crrammmmmboonnnne.... Happiness is a warm puppy - Peanuts

Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Why me?", then a voice answers "Nothing personal, your name just happened to come up." - Peanuts

Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar. I feel like I've just got to bite a cat! I feel like if I don't bite a cat before sundown, I'll go crazy! But then I just take a deep breath and forget about it. That's what is known as real maturity. - Peanuts Whenever I need to get myself pumped up to take on something daunting, I say in my head, ["yeah rocko, Yeah Rocko, YEAH ROCKO, **YEAH ROCKO!!!!!!** I'm, going to make, the greatest show, this world, has EVER SEEN!!!"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFSijcaZLT8) "Hey could you get that?"  "Thanks alot" [Rocko's Modern Life](http://i.imgur.com/HEWorsb.gif) I AM THE CHEESE, I AM THE BEST CHARACTER ON THE SHOW- Rocko's Modern Life Bugs Bunny: One lump or two?
Pete Puma: Eh, tree er fore. "Your mahthers a slot"

-Beavis and Butthead "A pair of human eyes!" Wakko: What should we get Doc. Scratchy? 

Dot: what about we go to Oedipus rex men's wear?

Yakko: No his mother would hate it.

Loved animaniacs "You call those implants boobs?!  Those aren't boobs, they're lies!". - Stewie &gt;Some trainers have no fear. To them this I just one more challenge. They follow their hearts. That is what sets them apart, and will make them Pokémon masters. 

-Pokémon: The First Movie  "Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!" - Arthur Freedom is the right of all sentient beings "See a penny, pick it up, and all day long you'll have a penny." - Wallace (Wallace and Grommit) "True story... Happened to a friend of a friend of mine." - Spooky Stories Bugs Bunny: My, I bet you monsters lead interesting lives D'oh!  "Here lies Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen. He was number #1." "What does this button do?" Dexter's laboratory "well, what did you expect in an opera? a happy ending?" - bugs bunny "Laundry day is a very dangerous day."--Rocko *Patrick Star sweeping floor with broomstick, man with soda walks up

"Hey pal, you just blow in from stupid town?" "If you have to ask, you'll never know." From some trippy episode of rugrats were tommy gets a cold or something. Angelica says that line. I use it almost once a month.  Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.  magic schoolbus "My leg!" - The cry of one sad injured fish every time that shit goes down in Bikini Bottom.  "Dede, you are stuuuupid." - Dexter from Dexter's Lab KRUSTY Krab Pizza is the Pizza for you and me, the Krusty Krab pizza is the pizza absolutively  Oh my beloved icecream bar; how I love to lick your creamy center!! I wombo, you wombo, he she me wombo.

-Patrick Star [Laundry](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXQ1bYbswlk) day is a very dangerous day "Consequences, schmonsequences... as long as I'm rich!"  -Daffy Duck YOU COVET MY ICE CREAM BAR! "KIDS NEXT DOOOOOOOOR! BATTLE STATIONS!" "Help"
"Please Assist!"
"Ketchup!" "What d'yah think﻿ a'that, yeh pajama wearin, basket-face, slipper wieldin', clype-blew-backled, gither-up 'n bleetin mob, bleatherin' gomrel, jesse-oaf lookin shtoner, neif blookie shan, milk drinkin', soy faced shilpith, min-moothed, snivelin' worm-eyed hootin blogh, vile stoogie cali-brie tattie." -The Scottsman (Samurai Jack) 

That scene has always stuck in my mind for some reason. I miss that show! Enjoy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-LyFMCIpok Cowboy cookie, yippee yippee yeehaw. Job applicant: And I'm punchin' him and punchin' him and I say "What do you mean I didn't give you the right change!!!!" - Rocko's Modern Life Are you feeling it now Mr. Krabs?  ["That's all folks!"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBzJGckMYO4) No This is Patrick. "What do you normally do when I'm gone?"-Spongebob
"Wait for you to get back" -Patrick  "No Sir...    I don't like it" - Ren and Stimpy.  After the horse samples the new kitty litter.  I drop this phrase a few times each year when able.  No idea why, I just love that scene. Principal: Did you really think you'd get away with it?!

Jane: Well, it'd be stupid to say 'yes' now.

-Daria

Not really a children's cartoon but I always think of it when I'm about to do something devious.
 "Ickis and Fungus, he's not a virus, don't call him pustule - Monsters and dogs rule!" D'oh! "Slap, Slap, Slap! Clap, Clap, Clap!"-Bolbi from the adventures of Jimmy Neutron "It was his hat, Mr. Krabs! HEEEEE WAS NUMBER ONE!" Uh huh huhhuh, hey baby. "When did that EVER happen, except for that ONE time?"  -South Park Anyone ever see Acceleracers?  Cartoon Network released them as straight-to-DvD movies and for a while aired them on TV.  Anyway, one of the characters gives a monologue about his crippling fear of water and to this day I consider it the main reason I'm afraid of deep water.

Shit, I was like 4 and his dad drowned in front of him. LEEDLE LEEDLE LEEDLE LEE - Patrick Star  KING RAMSES I will love him and hug him and keep him and I will call him George! I ain't calling you a truther. Drake and Josh.

My LEEGGGG. and "Water would be nice"...and of course. CHOCOLATEEEEE  Spongebob.

 Smashing, Eliza!
 "Patty you're the ketchup on my- hic- fries, Patty you're the ice in my tea, Patty you're the mustard on my sandwich, &amp; Patty you're the mayonnaise for me whoa whoa whoa Patty you're the mayonnaise for me!" --Doug  ITT: Sarcasm ITT: Spongebob and (mostly) Patrick "Im like a woodpecker, only with dirt"
ed, edd, and eddy
 "What kind of nerd plays chess?"
Then as a bunch of huge guys in glasses carry him out of the match
"It was a rhetorical question."

Glen Glenn from Life With Louie "Dad? ...Dad, come on. You gotta get up. Dad...We gotta go home" - Simba Late to the party but I love this quote from Winnie the Pooh:
"If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart, I'll stay there forever."  "Forever isn't long at all, when I'm with you." Winnie the Poo. "Life is so hard, Tommy. Sometimes I think it's the hardest thing there is."- Chuckie Finster “There is more in you of good than you know, child of the kindly West. Some courage and some wisdom, blended in measure. If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.” "How can my feet smell if they don't have a nose?"  Ed

Ed Edd and Eddy

Not for any deep reason...I just thought it was hilarious when I was little and kept repeating it. "Krusty Krab Pizza" episode of Spongebob

Backing up....backing up......backing up.....backing up...

I think this every time I back out of a parking spot. “You tried your best and failed miserably. The lesson is never try.” -Homer Simpson Why do today what you can put off till tomorrow  
- *In Response* -  
What is today but yesterdays tomorrow? Art thou feeling it now, Mr. Krabs? 

-Spongebob Squarepants "I can't see my forehead." - Patrick Star. "Omelette du fromage" 'You can't make an omlette without breaking some eggs."-Jack Napier (The Joker)

Batman-1989 "Don't forget the gravy." - Bugs Bunny "stupid Cupid, stop peaking/(some other word perhaps) on me" idk it has been stuck in my head sinxe Happy Leif Erikson Day! Hinga dinga durgen! "Mehominimouy" From Doodlebob off of Spongebob Squarepants. "Beer... The cause of and solution to, all of life's problems." - Homer J Simpson. Go go gadget arms.  You've triggered my trap card! "MY LEG"!!! - guy from Spongebob "The circumstances of ones birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."

-Mewtwo, The Pokemon Movie "ribbit, to the limit. put your whole heart in it." If you can't beat em join em - bugs bunny My sweet, little Chuckie, though I must leave you behind me
This poem will tell you where you always can find me.
When a gentle wind blows, that's my hand on your face.
And when the tree gives you shade, that's my sheltering embrace.
When the sun gives you freckles, that's me tickeling my boy.
When the rain wets your hair, those are my tears of joy.
When the long grass enfolds you, that's me holding you tight.
When the Whippoorwill sings, that's me whispering, "Night, night."
~Melinda Finster (Chuckie's mom) From Rugrats, Mother's Day.  Squid - "People talk loud when they wanna sound smart, right?" 
Plankton- "CORRECT" "Ketchup.... Just a squirt!..." -Ed "What doesn't kill you, usually succeeds in a second attempt" - Spongebob Squarepants "Nice guys finish last. Only aggressive people conquer the world." -Plankton HELLO I AM AMERICAN!
I AM AMERICAN TOO!
WE LIKE TO CRAP ON EACH OTHER Pikachu, I choose you! "There will always be people who say mean things because you are different, and sometimes their mind can not be changed. But there are many more people who not judge others based on how they look or where they are from. Those are the people whose words truly matter." -Starfire (Teen Titans)

 Bad day bad day baaaddd dddaaayyyy- Jackie Chan (Jackie chan adventures) "Omelet du Fromage" sandy: "patrick, dont you have to be stupid somwehere else?" Patrick: "not until 4" =)
there once was an ugly barnacle, he was so ugly that everyone died! the end
chum is fum
 "Lights out, fish face" - Dinoriders  I'M READY! I'M READY! "The best thing about secrets is secretly telling someone your secret, there by adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets... *secretly*" Spongebob Squarepants A baby's gotta do what a baby's gotta do!  ~Tommy Pickles (Rugrats) From Avatar: The Last Airbender. 


Wan Shi Tong: "You think you're the first person to believe their war was justified?" "Yup yup yup" - Ducky from Land Before Time

Words to live by right there Stupid dog, you made me look bad. This quote showed that Eustace is a dick who needed excuses to be a dick. "I'm ugly &amp; i'm proud". - Spongebob Hakuna Matata- The Lion King. Gotten my through some tough times. "The power within

the power within

the power within

the power within

the power within

the power within

the power within

THE POWER.....WITHIN!"

Fucking love that.  If you can't say something nice, don't say nothing at all.  - Thumper, at the prompting of his mother, in the movie Bambi

I can quote it.  Just can't seem to consistently do it. I know, I am old, but Mr. T's "I pity the fool" was classic. "Me Wumbo, You Wumbo, We all Wumbo" Let it rip!

Beyblade. "A tie is worse than losing." - Vince LaSalle "I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrellevant. It is what you do with the gifts of life that determines who You are." **-Mewtwo**

"A caterpie may change into a Butterfree, but the heart that beats inside remains the same." **-Brock** Pass the ball to Tucker- Hey Arnold! "I love chickens"

"One plus one equals fun on a bun"

"Eggs eggs eggs eggs"

"Buttered toast"

"Swiggity swag what's in the bag?"

*God I miss Ed Edd and Eddy* A-A-R-D-V-A-R-K  Everybody do the Michigan rag! I'm nauseous, I'm nauseous, I'm nauseous...  - Filbert Turtle from Rocko's Modern Life. I always think of it when I'm sick.  All of "The Line, The Dot and The Squiggle." "If you have to ask, you'll neeeeever know." Angelica is my homegirl.  "This is a great day for science!" LOOK AT IT, I WANT ALL OF YOU TO LOOK AT IT! "So Otto, I heard you have a new nickname for your sister: LAME-O?!?!?" -- Raymundo, Rocket Power This hand of mine glows with an awesome power! Its burning grip tells me to defeat you! *TAKE THIS! MY LOVE, MY ANGER, AND ALL OF MY SORROW!*

**SHINING FINGER!** "Trying is the first step towards failure." - Homer Simpson "A clean room is a happy room." Chuckie Finster from Rugrats It was something along the lines of "You cant pick your friends nose..." Billy (Grim adventures of billy and mandy). I cant remember it correctly, and theres no importance to it. That quote just sticked with me.  "Thems fightin woids!"  "Turn the page, wash ya hands."-Filbert (Rocko's Modern Life) **IM UGLY AND IM PROUD** "It was me... *repeat*" - Mojo Jojo "Egad!  I hope not!  That's where I keep all my stuff."  -The Tick when he is asked if he can destroy the earth. "Is this the Krust Krab?" "No. This is PATRICK!"   "Can you feel it now, Mr. Krabs?" Very funny in anal context. LOOK! It's Buddy Love, and he's going coconuts!  

-Oscar from Hey Arnold "You see, Arnold, it's time for me to leave here. Some people are meant to be with people, and others, like me, are just different." - Pigeon Man "The law is on the books, but it would take all their resources to enforce it."

-Calvin &amp; Hobbes Great oogaly moogaly Maggie! - Maggie and the Ferocious Beast  Somewhere, somehow they all got chewed up and spit back out. They don't taste like living anymore. Don't you see what's it's like living in this deranged, Waring blender of a world? Every day is an agonizing ordeal, like balancing a pot of scalding water on your head while people whip your legs and butt. Ah, you never forget your senior prom. You think I'm sick? Well the only disease I've got is modern life, a shnug-busting gauntlet of inefficiency and misery that's one long parade of letdowns, putdown, trickledowns, shutouts, freezeouts, sellouts, numbnuts, nickenputz and nimrods! All making every day as much fun as waxing a flaming Pontiac with your tongue! And even if you do luck into the possibility of some fleeting pleasure, like say if some nimphomaniac telephone operator with the muscle control of Romanian matslappers agree to a little strip air-hockey, it will be over before it starts, cuz some foul lacking, fedder reeking cab-jockey slams his Checker up your hatchback and the cab is owned by some pinata spanker from a Santa Ria culpa a culpa who starts shaking chicken bones at you and gives you a boil on your neck so big that all it needs is Michael Jordan's autograph to make it complete! And even with all this, with all this! I still drag my sorry butt off the Sealy every morning and stick my face in the reaping machine for one more day! Knowing when it's time to flash the cosmic card key at those pearly gates, I won't be in the coffin anyways, because some underhanded undertaker sold my heart, pancreas and other assorted good and plenty to that same Santa Ria cult! So does anybody really wonder why anybody is hanging onto sanity by the atoms on the tips of their fingernails, while life dirty dances on their digits, and is it really any wonder THAT I SEEM DERANGED?

-Duckman "Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!"  

Arthur Laundry day is a very dangerous day. 

Rocko's Modern Life "The Royal Canadian Kilted Yaksmen" and the song therein.  "Pride is not the opposite of shame but its source. True humility is the opposite of both."

- Uncle Iroh, Avatar: The Last Airbender  "You stupid dog! You made me look bad!" -Courage the Cowardly Dog Chief Wiggum: "That's chocolate. Nothing gets chocolate out!"

Is it true? Don't know, but am heartbroken any time I get chocolate on my clothing. Is this the krusty krab?            NO THIS IS PATRICK!!!!!!!!!! "Yakko, don't you know how to conjugate?" 

"Me? Why, I've never even kissed a girl!" Put a sock in it, sock in it "FIRMLY GRASP IT!" -Patrick "It's morph'n time!" - Power Rangers "My leg!"

- That one guy from Spongebob "Laundry day is a very dangerous day." -Rocko "Why do today what you can put off till tomorrow?" - Squidward

"What is today if yesterday's tomorrow?" - Mr Krabs



Different episode:

"You'll never guess what I found in my sock this morning! Go ahead, guess! - Licking doorknobs on other planets is illegal - It was his hat Mr. Krabs! He was number one!" - Spongebob ...Stupid dog - Courage From the Rugrats: 

Angelica: "Daddy, Daddy, the babies--"

Her dad (I forgot his name...): "Now, now, Angelica, the grown-ups are talking."

Angelica: "But Daddy, the babies are--"

Dad: "Now, Angelica, I told you, the grownups are talking."

Angelica: "But Daddy, the babies are gone!"

Dad: "Now, sweetie, that's something you tell the adults *right away*."


I remember, even as a kid, facepalming so hard at how mad that made me. 
Also, I paraphrased a lot. 
 "Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!"
"A-A-R-D-V-A-R-K, A-A-R-D-V-A-R-K...."
 - Arthur

"F, A, DOUBLE N, DOUBLE E, D DOUBLE O L DOUBLE E!"
 - zoom

i was pretty much only allowed to watch pbs, so...yeah.  Apple core
say no more
whose your friend?
me

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGNIYEYWxm0&amp;sns=em
 Well here's your problem: you've got it set to M for Mini, when you should have it set to W for Wumbo!
 "remember, idol worship is unhealthy" - patrick star "Its not *I* need to shoot *you* now, its *you* need to shoot *me* now. And you do! So SHOOT ME KNOW" "I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrellevant. It is what you do with the gifts of life that determines who you are."

 -**Mewtwo**
 "Oodles the talking poodle!" -Rugrats

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtrI-KmCzLo "Who you callin' Pinhead?"  anything and everything that Mewtwo said.  “Bring me chopper backup!”

-Commander Feral from Swat Kats

Edit: formatting. "Dental Plan...

Lisa Needs Braces..."

"Dental Plan...

Lisa Needs Braces..."

"Dental Plan...

Lisa Needs Braces..."

The Simpsons
 The sea monster ate my ice cream! - Scrooge McDuck (Ducktales)
I randomly say it from time to time and no one has a clue what I'm taking about. "I killed Mufasa" "If Woody had gone straight to the police, this never would have happened" I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant; it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you - mewtwo "Meep meep" Jeremy: Ooh! oh-oh-oooh! A sparkly!
Mrs. Brisby: What?
Jeremy: You're wearing a sparkly! Can I have it? Can I?
 "I guess you'll miss... The panty raid."

patrick "the pink terror" star "I hope the crowd brings lots of... IBUPROFEN" - Squilliam Not really a quote, but Woody Woodpecker's laugh is in my mind for the rest of my life. "Chocolate"
"What what are they sellin?" 
"They're selling chocolate. Do you want any?" 
- Spongebob
Everytime anyone says anything remotely close to that in class, the entire class begins to say it and whoever says it the best and in the right accents automatically become the hottest person in the room. Im a senior in high shool.  Hello nurse "What rolls down stairs alone or in pairs,
Rolls over your neighbor's dog?
What's great for a snack and fits on your back?
It's Log, Log, Log!" "You are *not* a Labrador Retriever!"  
"Have you... got a Labrador?"  
"...no."  
"Know where you can... get a Labrador?"  
"Uhhh... no."  
"Den shuddup."
 "You Don't Make Friends With Salad". Homer Simpson "Prince Zuko, pride is not the opposite of shame, but it’s source. True humility is the only antidote to shame." -Iroh "CHOCLATEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I know I'm late, but here's one from Hey Arnold. 
Gerald - "Why do you always have to look on the bright side?"
Arnold - "Somebody has to" "Buttered toast and gravy!" - Ed "I wanna be, the very best..." "LETS GET DOWN TO BUISNESS, TO DEFEAT THE HUNS" "That's All Folks!"

I want those to be my last words. "Stupider like a Fox!"

-Homer J Simpson Qui a coupe le *fromage*?  
Qui a coupe le *fromage*?

Who cut...the cheese?  
Who cut...the cheese?

Qui a coupe le *fromage*?

[Bon! Merci!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGqxb3vLL1A) 'scoobydoobydooo' "Bring it aroouund town" "Who you callin pin head?" Patrick Star
 Write to me,
Stick stickley,
PO box 963


New York City,
New York State,
1-0-1-0-8! Halfway through the comments I realized that I'm reading all of these in the voice of the character that said them.  I am Vengeance. I am the Night. I- AM- BATMAN!  feeeeed me.....feeeeeeeed meee..... ~Dexter's Dad 'hands cupped, or fingers laced'? -as told by ginger Dora The Explorer was after my childhood time, but I find myself singing the god damn backpack song whenever people talk about backpacks. "Now you know and knowing is half the battle." G.I. Joe "Remember licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets" -Spongebob Squarepants "Were it so easy." Thel 'Vadam, Halo 3.

"When you find yourself in a hole the best thing to do is stop digging." John Marston, Red Dead Redemption. I should have made a left at Alberqerque.
- Bugs Bunny "You put the lime in the coconut and shake it all up!"  Chalkzone Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.  Not really a quote, per se, but I thought advanced darkness was a real thing for a disturbingly long time... Song lyrics from Bobby's World "At the bottom of the poooooool..." "*You like Krabby Patties, don't you, Squidward*" "Sometimes, a baby's gotta do what a baby's gotta do" - Tommy from Rugrats

This got me into so much shit as a child. Dexter's Lab - Topped Off 

"You see kids coffee is what we adults need to get started in the morning. Its the key to our ignition. You kids don't need it. No, you've got youth. We adults need the coffee." 

I'm 24 and I still try to drink as little coffee as possible because this episode instilled in my psyche the idea that if I drink it I've abandoned my youth.  I'm surprised this hasn't been said.

I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant, it is what you *do* with the gift of life that determines who you are. 

-Mewtwo

This quote makes me reconsider before judging people. I always give people a fair chance to be themselves around me, so that I can judge the value of their character and not their clothing. It is far and away my favorite quote of all time. "Always wash your berries before you eat them.  And fly towards the Sun."  -Pigeon Man I wumbo, he/she it wumbo Slap! Slap! Slap! Clap! Clap! Clap!  "When we hit our lowest point, we are open to the most change" -Avatar Aang from The Last Airbender. "damnit bobby" - King of The HIll "Go Banana"- Ralph Wiggum get out of my laboratory!!!

dexter's lab "if you have to ask, you'll never know" - Angelica Pickles 

I now would rather Google everything than ask.  TL;DR No real problems to worry about, still feel shitty. TL;DR wasted life by procrastinating TL;DR: Somehow ended up in brazil; still single. TL;DR: "Meh." TL:DR From books to drugs, back to books again. TL;DR Never became what I wanted, spent too much time online talking to you assholes. TL;DR Should've just done it TL:DR; The smart people think I'm stupid, the stupid people think I'm smart. TL;DR Played it safe, life is now stable but boring

Edit: Guys, I mean boring in the sense that I'm not out saving the world or able to grab a backpack and hitchhike across the country. Boring is relative. In the grand scheme of things, my life is uneventful, but I still have fun! TL;DR: Now have a high paying career to support the career that pays nothing.  TL;DR Stepped up to the plate, struck out, but still swinging.

Edit: I've got to say I'm loving all these responses. Far too much effort in pursuit of a relationship I may not want in the first place.   TL;DR Covered in cat hair and tears TL;DR - Runescape was a mistake TL;DR I keep making my life hard, but I'm a lucky bastard. TL;DR Was innocent, became cynical. TL;DR Was born. Haven't died yet. TL;DR Mountain dew+World of warcraft=fat TL:DR Not doing great in college, I have no idea what I am going to do with my life.  tl;dr Adult me is disappointed, but kid me would think that I'm seriously fucking awesome.

And you know what? That's alright with me.

EDIT: You guys seriously made my day with those replies. Kid me would like you guys, too.  TL;DR weird as fuck inside, usual as fuck outside ...maybe TL;DR Upper middle-class white kid stereotypes. TL;DR: Bullied to the point of near suicide as a kid, and now as an adult I've found my place in the world and have never been happier. It really does get better. TL;DR - Progress, not perfection. TL;DR Better than anticipated TL;DR Tried, failed many times, but keep trying TL;DR Came from the hood, now I'm in college TL;DR Made life choices for the wrong reasons, Fixing them slowly now.
 TL.DR: don't hurt yourself by caring too much. Care too much anyway. TL;DR A day late, and a dollar short. TL;DR just cause your dad fucks up doesn't mean you will TL;DR: Plan on having your plans changed. TL;DR Sacrificed many things in life to pursue my passion, working out *okay* TL;DR Too negative to see the positives tl;dr Asian stereotype breaks down barriers (and family ties) by boinking a white woman and creating an abomination of a halfbreed TL;DR:  Sometimes the dreams you don't dare to dream come true anyway. TL;DR Finished that burrito, girlfriend not pregnant, shit stains on carpet TL;DR Smart kid in High-School consistently fails in College TL;DR Got the girl. TL;DR - Never gave up.  TL;DR: Pussies are also cats, apparently. Approximately 10 cats = 1 vagina TL;DR:  doesnt matter, had sex TL;DR Set the bar too low for 44 years, hit his target. Set the bar high at 45. Going to hit it or die trying. TL;DR Stay in school, don't stick your dick in crazy. TL;DR I stopped working out everyday, got soft, and ended up in the best relationship of my life.
 TL;DR: Vodka was a bad choice. TL; DR was fat, still fat. Was lonely, still lonely TL; DR High school drop out 2 kids and 2 DUIs by 21, now successful resauranteur.  TL;DR Not a superhero or important to the world in any way TL;DR Uncomfortable for 19 years Wasted 15 years but finally got serious about writing fiction and things are looking up now.  OK stupid question, troll all you want, etc. But what the fuck does  TL;DR mean? TL;DR Should have stayed in college. Had to work my ass off to get where I could have gotten to 10 years sooner. TL;DR still broke and struggling.  Shit never works out as planned and regrets are hell.  TL;DR I overthink evrything TL;DR Getting help now TL;DR Can never seem to finish what he star TL;DR Damnit. TL;DR Turns out sometimes ugly ducklings just become ugly ducks.

Edit: I was kidding, [stop upvoting me](http://now-here-this.timeout.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/url-21.gif) . I hate people who lie for karma. Seriously. tl;dr

Shit happens - alot &lt;_&lt; TL;DR Tons of potential.  Meh, fuck it. Tl:dr Was the bad apple of the family, joined the Marine Corps... now I'm number one. TL;DR Everything failed, lots of people died, hooray for wine. TL;DR Got anal warts TL;DR = Fuck..... TL; DR Mom was right I should have stayed away from her. TL;DR Sleep, Shit, Shave, Shower, Studies, Sustenance TL:DR Plenty of technical skill,  no drive or creativity to use it.  TL;DR Being a functional junkie is fun Tl;dr screwed by genetics TL;DR I need a time machine TL;DR bored as shit TL;DR my parents are fucked up and now I'm out to make myself better than them TL;DR Blonde, Canadian, loves hockey and cheese Here I am. Surviving.  Moved around a bunch, got a bad ass job. TL;DR dad used to drink and drug, cheated on my mom, have a random sibling I don't know, mom got sick, mom died, I was really dependent on her emotionally, I plan to kill myself soon.

EDIT: Thanks for all the kind words, but it was really more a passing thought. I mean, I do think about it a lot, and it could conceivably happen, but I wsn't being definitive. I think I meant "probably will" as opposed to "plan." I feel like a fucking dickhead putting that it there on the internet now. TL;DR- I'm a straight, white, male in America; I got all the luck I need. TL;DR Manchild moves out of parents home, gets job, marries woman, buys house, has baby boy, still plays video and board games. TL;DR Everything was weird in the kinkiest way possible. Tl;DR I take one giant step in life, get sent back 2. Tl;dr : Work too hard, still doesn't get the results he wants.  TL;DR Just a small town girl living in a lonely world.  TL;DR Inferior to everything TLDR: I make shit look pretty. TL;DR She's not fucking worth it, much better fish in the sea. tl;dr Got out of bed - shouldn't have bothered. TL;DR Went from a hopeless romantic to a realist. College is also incredibly stressful.  Always above average,  always below exceptional. The true beta life. TL;DR Almost killed myself in High School, but someone told me they love me at the last moment. Married her and now have a stable life with one kid. Couldn't be happier. TL;DR Should have never moved to Colorado TL;DR avoid all authority's guidance and pave your own road. It might not be smooth but it yours.  TL; DR Waisted opportunities.  High school sucked - reborn since college - wtf am I doing? TL:DR Pretty much my username. Made the wrong life choices for the wrong reasons. Working on fixing it now. TL;DR: dad died,family separated,don't care,got wife,trying to have kid. TL;DR Three weddings and a funeral.....  I don't think I should re-marry..... TL;DR Procrastination at it's finest. Unfortunatey... TL;DR still don't know why I'm here TL;DR Fucked up. Got shit together. Fucked up. Got shit together. Fucked up, getting shit together. "So it goes." - KV TL;DR I still can't see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch. TL;DR Should have told her I loved her.  TL;DR Heard her wrong, now we're married and have two kids. TL;DR Picked the wrong major in college. TL;DR - Traded youth for a MD, not sure if worth it. TL;DR Smart don't mean shit when you don't know what you want. TL;DR Independent wrestling saved my life. Promising potential, disappointing execution 

...both my life and this thread.  Tried to be a rockstsr, drank too much.  Not a rock star, sober 4 years TL;DR Came out of vagina, still trying to get back in one TL;DR Deeply broken man-child enters 31st year of life still without the faintest idea what he's doing.  TL;DR- Parents went on "vacation" when I was in college and never came back. Three years of drugs, living at friend's homes, and crushing debt later...I made it to law school. TL;DR Started from the bottom now I'm here. Too soon to say... TL;DR Fucked bitches got money TL;DR - I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me. He's just a poor boy from a poor family! TL;DR Hungry again. tl;dr and nothing of value was lost TL;DR don't try, don't achieve  TL;DR Nerd culture became mainstream, but can't always find work TL;DR How the fuck am I still alive?! TL;DR I don't know how to get out of the unhappy relationship Tl;Dr IT guy, making his way TL;DR - Born, played grab ass, closer to death TL;DR: Could've, would've, should've. TL;DR studied what I enjoyed; currently unemployed.  TL:DR Girls+"friends"=untrustworthy bastards TL;DR: Sorry mom and dad, you were wrong. Your gay transsexual son is doing just fine. TL;DR: You had to be there TL;DR hates humanity so sits on reddit listening to humans all day  TL;DR Never finished anyth TL:DR Family dies, no social skills, all alone. 21 years old. TL:DR Made fucked up decisions on relationships that dates back to the highschool days and fucked up decisions on choosing a career path. I am now broke and miserable in life. TL;DR dead dad, *still rad.* was straight, struggled with identity for years, ate pussy one time, went lesbian ever since. TL;DR - Ph.D., unemployed. TL;DR: Don't know what I'm really doing, somehow still seem to be here TL;DR Married girl of dreams, had kids, am bored out of my mind.  TL;DR I come too fast, my car goes too slow.  TL;DR:

Thought I was smart and special.  Turns out I am ignorant and average.  TL;DR Surrounded by people, still lonely TL;DR It looked difficult so I didn't do it. TL;DR Watching the world burn from my pedestal. Loving it. Good, but not great TL;DR Straight A little kid, Convicted Felon teenager, Turning it around as an adult  TL;DR a waste of oxygen patiently awaiting death and not much more. TL;DR I was sad once, but then I stopped and became awesome instead. TL;DR Dropped outta school when I was 16, travelling the world since and making bank Extraordinarily ordinary. TL;DR: Born, did stuff. Didn't do other stuff. Not dead yet. TL;DR I'm a lucky bastard TL;DR Had no plan, turned out allright TL;DR Nothing happened.  TL;DR I suck at everything TL;DR- still a fuck up and no plans on changing  TL:DR WTF? DAMNIT DANNY!  TL;DR Don't know how he got there. TL;DR  Casual leveler of /r/outside,  I'll get more hardcore as the game progresses.  Procrastination rules this one, it is known.  TL;DR: Still trying to make enough money to enjoy life TL;DR: It always got better. Tl;dr tried to hard, failed. Found friends though.  TL;DR I failed and now I'm good again(probably better than I thought I would be). TL;DR Superbad tl;dr was an awful person when he was younger, has shit somewhat straight now Bacon TL; DR: if it can go wrong, it will. tl;dr Was born, still alive. TL;DR I learned and I'm doing better TL;DR Right now pretty awesome TL;DR You live and you learn.  TL;DR Didn't get laid TL;DR kicked ass, took names, saved face, chewed bubble gum. TL;DR Had to constantly give myself increasingly difficult goals because I knew all too well that without them I would succumb to laziness and be discontented. Can do anything except decide on a path through life. TL;DR Turns out depression is more easily fought without drugs and alcohol.  TL;DR Gave up on ever finding love, found love.  TL;DR   30 years of bad haircuts. tl;dr i hate school, but i go because i have to. Tl;dr: lonely, broke, and stressed.

Tl;dr: tl;dr: colllege. TL;DR Don't give up on learning or love learned, fucked up, learned, fucked up, learned, fucked up, learned, about to fuck up maybe, probably will learn again. TL;DR I Just want this exam to be over TL;DR school, college, working, lots of money, travel, married, travel, kids, not so much money, lots of fun. Beer. MMM. Beer. TL;DR Used to be shitty. Got better, getting better. TL;DR Wanted to be Superman, became a super asshole instead. i tried, it worked. TL;DR Most people think I'm smart and hardworking, but I'm actually just extraordinarily lucky.  TL;DR finally believes it's not butter.  Sad, less sad, very sad, numb of sadness, sad TL;DR - singletrack, singlespeeds, single malt, and single women. TL;DR Doesn't matter had sex TL:DR Made mistakes in life, still have a lot of time to fix them {null set} TL;DR Born, Did Stuff, Died. TL;DR Shoulda, woulda, coulda, didn't TL;DR Almost died three times, married the man I want to rule the world with. I play guitar and still manage to not get laid. TL;DR popped out of vagina, barney, Reddit reddit reddit TLDR: should've just kissed her. TL;DR doesn't matter, no sex. TL;DR: Born, currently waiting on Pokemon X/Y.  TL;DR I'm an idiot TL:DR I have no idea what im doing.  TL;DR I'll do this later. Tl;dr You require more pylons. :/ TL;DR Started on an island at level 1, level 20 now and made it to a city, can't find my next quest TL:DR Life is great; Working out well. TL;DR I was a horrible person, doing horrible things. Met best girl in the universe, turned into a family man.  TL;DR

Doesn't matter, had sex. TL: DR: Always cared about what others think about me, slowly starting to not give a fuck. Slowly taking life by the balls TL;DR Nothing ever happens. TL;DR Think I am good at things, discover I am not
 Doing everything I can to avoid doing anything ever.  TL;DR

TBD TL;DR- Was troubled autistic youth. Found folk music and politics. Now poor. Still autistic.  TL;DR Average weight, Average intelligence, Average work ethic, Average Looks.  A bunch of stuff happened, then nothing happened for a while. Now things are starting to happen again. TL;DR  Work, read, fap, sleep TL;DR Majored in music, died of starvation. TL;DR Beat stage 3 cancer at age 4, still alive 30 years later. TL:DR-Unpopular and unhappy as a child, went to art school, got happier, met husband, traveled around Eastern Europe, Asia and India, working as a teacher/illustrator. Now happy at 28 :)  TL:DR  Was told could never make a living playing the drums - - has been playing drums, and making a decent living for almost 30 years.  TL;DR Good thing I didn't go to a regular high school TL;DR Married an idiot who became a pedophile, divorced him and became a Dominatrix! DM;HS TLDR; Strives Endlessly to Improve life, Always feels dissatisfied  TL;DR Tried. Failed. Tried. Failed. Tried. Failed. Trying. TL;DR Art major...yup.  TL;DR The only thing standing in the way of myself is me. TL;DR: Hasn't died yet, no ideas about the future. Tl;dr: fail at career. Win at love.  Was a drunk, got sober. Still have sex. TL;DR Didn't get any attention from women. Now I get too much. Genital Warts. TL;DR I suck TL;DR great potential wasted daily. tl;dr: somewhat successful career; still don't know what I wanna be when I grow up. TL;DR  Spent my youth worrying about what others thought of me. Hit 40 and realized not giving a fuck was a lot more fun and healthy. TL;DR Hid from real life by studying, it found me anyway. TL;DR Never really tried at anything, regretting it TL;DR Born in US, moved to Canada for school, came out, dropped out, got deported back to US. Next stop: China. bullied and alienated all my life, nearly slit own throat, now that im in highschool in a diff district im slowly trying to become functional again TL;DR Complete waste of potential. Somewhat redeemed by two amazing kids. Tl;dr doesn't matter, had sex. TL;DR have Aspergers, called "asshole" "cold" "naive" "stubborn" etc, bullied, avoided. My crime? I'm honest to a fault and wish others would be. TL;DR, Lived free, died hard. 

Then my son's would be "Lived free, Died Harder." Because I would raise him on nothing but John McClane. TL;DR Hopefully tomorrow will be better Figured everything out too late, am now too old to start over. TL;DR Born to two parents who don't communicate or show love. Chased women wanting to feel love and getting into shallow relationships. Got bitter. Stopped looking. An amazing woman found me.  Learned what love felt like: sometimes good, sometimes bad. Love is when you accept someone for exactly what and who they are and kiss them on the ugly side of their face while holding the damaged part of their soul. TL;DR Arrived, raised hell, left TL;DR Too long in a comfortable but unfulfilling marriage. Now rediscovering self and life. My life is a TL;DR Am I the only one that came here because they didn't know what TL;DR means...

....and still don't...? TL;DR Didn't study, retail, retail, studied, more retail Would have, Could have, Should have, Did?Fuck. TL;DR Living in absolute reality is so painful, distracting myself with drugs, video games and food so the time goes by faster. TL;DR Parents died. Stand in parents made me hate me. tl : dr What could have been. TL;DR Homeless drug addict to engineer Tl;Dr tried, failed, tried again, failed again, failed better. TL;DR - Had a wonderful childhood. As each new year passes, I feel it become more distant and I would give anything to do it over. Not so that I could change anything, just so I could feel it again.  TL;DR emotional idiot. TL;DR Stressed regarding legal career prospects out of law school. Trolled patents. Money for 100 lifetimes. TL;DR I'm so alone. TL;DR Ugly TL;DR only 17, still have to live life, not happy with the results thus far. Sought fluffy things, died alone. TL;DR Fuck it. TL;DR keep to myself, horribly lonely TL;DR Zero fucks given. Was born. Having trouble. Still trying.  TL;DR Alone, alone, alone, still alone TL;DR Fuck Love TL;DR: I was born then I got a 120" projector setup in my bedroom last weekend, and I had kids a while ago too, they're around here somewhere. TL;DR Being ugly and poor is playing life in hard mode.  Started from the bottom, now we here. TL;DR I'm oblivious. Tl;DR Instructions unclear, dick stuck in Romania. TL;DR born into the wrong era TL:DR I took a nap instead TL;DR I have no clue what's going on in my own life, never gets the girl, somehow athletic with a belly full of beer and sarcasm. TL;DR Know how to do a lot of stuff, can't do much well. TL;DR - Keep learning what I shouldn't do TL;DR wasted ridiculous amount of time chasing relationships I never landed; reorganised priorities and they came to me TL;DR-Homeschooled, was told he was weird, went to high school, found out he was normal.  Tl;DR Met a girl, had a kid, went to college, and got a job. TL;DR it took 27 years for me to experience any happiness whatsoever, it's a pretty cool feeling. TL;DR Drank a lot, whined a lot but laughed a lot.  TL;DR *IT HURT ITSELF IN IT'S CONFUSION!* TL;DR Didn't go to University and am currently more successful than my friends that did. TL;DR: Have so much potential to do great things. Insecurity and mental illness have me using only 30% of potential. TL;DR multi-millionaire until 30, barely over minimum wage at 35. TL;DR Pretty good so far, some struggle, can't complain. TL;DR Fell in love only once, she died next to me. I don't really care what happens for the rest of this ride. But I still enjoy looking out the window and watching it go by.  TL;DR Played video games, got my head stuck in a washing machine, played more video games. TL;DR - Made lots of impulsive decisions (my best and worst), turned out all right - quite blessed! Nerdy dial-up era kid turns dorky interests into a career, realizes passion pays off if directed well.  TL;DR Life was set to easy mode, so I decided I wanted the high score; still playing. TL;DR I often wonder what it'd be like if I made different choices, but would be seriously bummed if I missed out on anything I've since earned. TL;DR Became a doctor because that's what my father wanted to be. Turns out it was a great idea.  TL;DR Failed at everything. Still trying.  TL;DR: Trained as professional actor, now browse reddit all day in a desk job. "Shot for the Moon, hit England." TL;DR - I was a mistake, parents failed, life sucked, wasted my days smoking weed, playing video games, being a nobody, then life sucked some more, got an ever worsening chronic illness, and now I'm a day away from /r/suicide. No big deal though, I'm dead already. Shit was over before it started.

Yeah, depressing, I know, but felt like putting it out there. By the way, I know of you probably feel like there's no point in pursuing your dreams (I saw a lot of "I didn't get to do what I wanted in life" type posts), but, fuck, if you're not dying, got a family to take care of or something, go for it. You still got a chance - some of us don't.

Edit: kinda defeated the purpose of tl;dr, but whatever. Downvote me.  TL:DR 3 steps forward, 2 steps back.  TL; DR While following the adventure of life, I lost the love of my life. tl;dr,try really hard, get semi far. want to get far; try harder; lose right arm for life. 

alternate tl;dr....they say you regret what you dont do more than what you do. i had a dream, every day i regret going for it. i should have lived a life of regretfully not trying like everyone else, instead. i'd be a thousand times happier.
 I've tried my best, but sometimes my best hasn't been good enough.  TL;DR Fucked bitches; got money Try, fail, repeat. TL;DR
Blind in one eye, can't play sports, can music really good. Massive Geek. College for computers. Why. Nachos rule TL;DR Doesn't matter, had sex TL;DR
 
At least it's been interesting TL;DR What the fuck is going on here. Confused  TL;DR Poverty reduces opportunities, Lazyness even more so. TL;DR - Started from the bottom, now I'm here. I like pie TL;DR - Meh TL;DR DM had sex.  TLDR; Fffffff- Shit sucked. Getting better now. Whoo, business owner at 21!  TL;DR "Nüchtern bin ich so schüchtern, aber voll da bin ich toll."

It's german and means "When im not drunk im shy, but when im drunk, im great" (It rhymes in german) TL;DR I fucking hate you all.  But for some reason go out of my way to help all of you instead of myself. TL;DR: all I do is win. The details of my life are quite inconsequential... My father was a relentlessly self-improving boulangerie owner from Belgium with low grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery. My mother was a fifteen year old French prostitute named Chloe with webbed feet. My father would womanize, he would drink. He would make outrageous claims like he invented the question mark. Sometimes he would accuse chestnuts of being lazy. The sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament. My childhood was typical. Summers in Rangoon, luge lessons. In the spring we'd make meat helmets. When I was insolent I was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds- pretty standard really. At the age of twelve I received my first scribe. At the age of fourteen a Zoroastrian named Vilma ritualistically shaved my testicles. There really is nothing like a shorn scrotum... it's breathtaking- I highly suggest you try it. 
 TL;DR Didn't get what I wanted; got way better than I deserve. TL;DR High ability, low motivation. TL;DR Stop procrastinating. TL;DR Sometimes the path you take is the one you least expected. Tldr life goes on, take time to admire the people around you, because they won't be around you forever. TL;DR Went to work, crushed by a cardboard fort. [I work IT](http://imgur.com/7TX3yGN) TL;DR Unemployed and unsure of what the hell I'm doing, but trying to make the best of it all. TL;DR Stuck in a rut TL;DR All faces are the same man tldr: born, depressed. married, divorced. 1 long distance friend, keep busy with job, kickboxing, and my own projects. programmer.   TL;DR Marine TL;DR - You don't need a specific route, just a general direction and speed.  TL;DR I was born, did some stuff, now I'm 26. Want to go to school to help people, need to figure out how to help self TL;DR moved a lot and was always the tallest in my class until high school. Tl;dr plays trading card games TL;DR
Used to go outside, now sits inside all day playing league and terraria TL;DR I still want to know what's in the safe! TL;DR: Hates the way life is, too scared to kill self, can't figure out how to change it, depression while stuck in life. TL;DR Big head caused my mom a C-section.  1 step forward. 1,000,000 steps back TL;DR  Big head caused my mom a C-section. TL;DR Finally got my shit together Tl;dr: foreverweird TL;DR Extrovert Engineer... It isn't going well. Born on AF base, moved overseas (8 houses in 12 years), now living less than 100 mi. from birthplace, want USAFA for college.  tl;dr Didn't listen and hurt myself. Then I cried. TL;DR games and internet Obsessive personality, strong independence, difficult with empathy means relationships are extremely difficult. Did some of the things I told my 6th grade self I wouldn't, things are actually not that big of a deal  tl;dr amazingly lucky and charmed life and still a bitter bastard when shit doesn't go my way TL;DR How did I end up in Switzerland? TL;DR Did drugs, still successful at life.  TLDR ; A bottle a day keeps the girlfriends away !
 TL;DR nothing exciting yet.  "If it weren't for my horse, I wouldn't have spent that year in college."  tl;dr Everything is going well, everything gets hard as shit then gets better only to fall to shit again. Dont be all fucking mopey about it.
 TL;DR:  I have no idea what the fuck I'm doing. TL;DR Spend as much time with those in your life before they're gone. TL;DR- Work in progress. TL:DR missed opportunities, burned bridges, squandered potential, dreams slowly let go, but redemption is in sight! TL;DR: I have no idea where I'm going but I'm on my way. TL;DR self-confidence crashes again! TL;DR A bad mother doesn't always ruin you, sometimes it shows you what NOT to do. Tl;dr: push down flight of stairs, golf club to the head, pool side to the head, I can't feel my head. TL;DR Don't waste so much time in life grieving. Get busy living or get busy dying. TL:DR the lonely loner seems to free his mind at night. Life is really hard, but God saw me through.  TL;DR scientist really is a cool job tldr : life's good. getting business diploma. mechanics next year
 TL;DR: Sad things happen, but you can still have an amazing life. TL;DR I have no idea of what I'm doing TL;DR They see me rollin', they hatin' TL;DR Almost died, didn't, did well. TL;DR: A slow descent into intellectual self-cannibalism. Babysitters don't acually sit on babys. well, most of them... i have a bad back TL;DR Tl;DR  TL;DR Do what you want, not what your father wants.  TL;DR Thought i had a good time, was finally caught by my early mistakes. TL;DR Lazy because I'm happy with what I have. TL;DR Drugs are fun TL;DR: It went *okay* TL;DR Started down the standard life plan, gave it up, happier than ever! TL;DR parents divorced, drug problems, fix drug problems, happy now. TL;DR:It went ok.  TL;DR So close yet so far.  TL;DR: Always chasing after what I can't have.  TL;DR Shouldn't have gotten used to mediocrity, can't get out of it TL;DR Depressed 31 year old virgin. TL;DR Just because everything's gone to hell doesn't mean you have to stay there. TL;DR- Asperger's Syndrome. TL;DR Made many mistakes, none of which really mattered in the long run. TL;DR life would have been easier if you were a man TL;DR Fat awkward nerd kid spends majority of life assimilating to other groups. Gets cheated on by fiance, loses weight and works out, turns life around. Still desperately wants to be a superhero. TL;DR It was too late when I decided to go for it. Back to square 0 TL;DR Awesome childhood, crashed into the vulgar reality of teenage angst, adulthood is neither great nor terrible, so, you can't get blood from squeezing a rock.  TL;DR A lot of great choices made for all the wrong reasons. TL:DR: My name is Bryan. I am Bad Luck Bryan. TL;DR Being raised by a drug addict mom and a responsible attorney father, I have grown up knowing exactly how hard I need to work in life to get by. TL;DR military brat lives Italy at the moment.  TL;DR plan on living forever, so far so good TL;DR: still waiting for life to begin, this can't be it.  TL;DR- Still miss her. Tl;Dr My control freak tendencies fuck up everything in my life. TL Can't be bothe- TL;DR Life rocks when you stop giving a fuck. TL;DR Could be worse, could be better. Not complaining TL;DR- too stoned to be functional, too drunk to care.  tl;dr Got stuck with the bill. ITT: The saddest stories you ever heard. TL;DR winging it. TL;DR Not sure where I'm going, but I'm on my way TL;DR Went to school TL;DR: grew up playing video games, wanted a job playing video games, got a job playing video games TL;DR At a college I can't afford and not even sure if this is what I want to do. TL;DR - Potential to use brain to be productive, laziness triumphs all. TL;DR mixed race - didn't fit in with either. TL;DR Masturbate. Avoid social interaction. Rinse and repeat. TLDR confused boy constantly sucks up, and proceeds to die a virgin TL;DR how to succeed in business without really trying. TL;DR - A lot of regrets Found Skyrim. Got naked.  TL;DR Drank a lot, ended up in law school TL;DR  high school senior. Unsure.  TL;DR Leave him alone, he's trying his best. TL;DR:  It never gets any better. TL;DR Eh, I'll do it tomorrow. TL;DR should have tried harder  TL;DR went crazy, got help, now doing a decent job at being alive.  TL;DR........ TL;DR Straight A's, Drugs, Straight A's, Career in Drugs, Career &amp; Drugs, Career without Drugs :( TL;DR Lots of school and a little fun. TL;DR Started from the bottom.    Now I'm here. TL;DR Should've went abroad for my undergrad. Preferably Tokyo. (In Utah) TL;DR Milk was a bad choice. TL;DR What the fuck is happening?? "Born, fucked up, died."

Not sure how I'm gonna die yet, so I left it purposefully vague. TL;DR living example of Murphy's Law TL;DR Abusive ex. Moving to a new place and starting over. TL;DR Back then hoes didn't want me, now I'm hot hoes all on me TL;DR : Sometimes lies are all the motivation you need. TL;DR - what I can do is vastly greater than what I will do, and what I will do is vastly greater than what I want to do. TL;DR white girl with a black girl façade tl;dr Meh. Been awesome, no regrets, would repeat Tl;DR White middle class college student wastes his youth.  TL;DR Dysfunction. TL;DR I'm nothing like most of the family I came from and proud of it. TL;DR: Lol, good luck! **TL;DR** and from that day forward, very little fucks were given.  TrD;l - Potato. TL;DR The motion in the ocean  Tl;DR - Couldn't be bothered  TL;DR kept dreaming of writing novels. fuck bitches, spend money TL;DR You can still lead a positive life with a negative mind.  TL;DR family forced me to waste first 20 years of my life on Mormonism/Christianity, just spend the last 4 years actually enjoying life in college. TL;DR Mormon raised in Middle East, New York City Missionary, Suicidal  TL; DR sells explosives still has a boring social life TL;DR Didn't work hard enough, now working 
 TL;DR Didn't give a shit, got good grades. Gave a shit, got bad grades. TL;DR: I somehow found a way to give negative fucks.  Born sick. Kicked in the head by a horse. Unemployed.   TL;DR Well, I guess it's not over yet...so far, though, it hasn't been fulfilling. TL;DR Sick as fuck but still alive so life is good TL;DR Go to school, play video games, eat food Tl;dr we dated, he died, came back to life, we broke up, he did drugs, cleaned up, we got back together, he got cancer, we broke up, he's a catfish.  TL;DR Just learned "For all intensive purposes" is really "For all intents and purposes". tl;dr Aimless and bored but comfortable. Was a follow the rules do gooder...no chicks wanted me...became an asshole prick, and girls went crazy for me. Married, became nice guy again...wife had an emotional affair. Turning into asshole again. Wife now is in love.  I think Dementia is nice to hear. And I it comes with a cool nickname "Demi". Rosacea Aphasia. She is mystical and dreamy, like King Arthur's long lost daughter, who can't speak. Melena actually is a girl's name.  I feel bad for girls who have it, as it means "black feces".  (due to a bleed in your intestines... not a disease, per se... but still!) Influenza (She's spanish) Rubella? Melanoma.  It has a very pretty, dainty ring to it, it really does. Lou Gehrig Lupus.

Maxwell Lupus McTurfie, Esq.

Call me Lou.   Malaria. Or if you're weird, osteogenesis imperfecta. Listeria. Amnesia It would be easier if I were an Ancient Greek God...

* Tuberculosus
* Appendicitus  
* Herpes... the annoyingly unpredictable twin of Hermes I named one of my babydolls *Hydrocephala* when I was very young. My parents both worked at a children's hospital, so they jokingly attributed the doll's, uh, top-heaviness, to the really gross infantile condition of having a swollen head (hydrocephalus). I picked up on their nickname and thus, *Hydrocephala* was born. Chlamydia. Scarlatina

It's perhaps better known as scarlet fever, but they called it scarlatina when I had it. Cholera? Celiac... very soft and feminine 
 Porphyria Candida is already used as a name Varicella Angina Veruca. Alopecia Polio.   For a boy, of course. Mad Cow would be a good rapper's name Ebola. Aniline. Not a disease, but aminobenzene. Very pretty. Testicular Cancer.  It has a strong, masculine ring to it. The brothers Nikolai and E coli. Leukemia?  Giardia Yersinia? It's the bacteria not the disease but it sounds cool. I always thought Hepatitis was a great name for an Amish kid. Schizophrenia with the nickname Phranie.  Sars. Like Lars, but with an S. I'm going to name kid Hausen.

Yep, good ole' Munch, Hausen,

And I'm going to encourage him to become a corrupt board member who is always absent due to his mistress.  That way, when votes come up, people will have to vote for him with the phrase, "Munch, Hausen, by proxy"

That's how committed I am to a bad joke.

 Carbuncle Alexia (I've actually seen this one).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexia_%28condition%29 Nesseria Not a disease but one of my old teachers named his oldest daughter Sarin.  Sal Monella and Sue DeMonas... I used to work with a girl named Candida. For girls: Morphea, Giardia, Loa Loa, Addison, Peyronie

For boys: Paget, Zoster

Edit: ok I suck at gender Little Italian boy named Polio. Graves is quite a cool name for a guy and a disease. I guess league of legends has changed the perception of the name Graves though  I know a girl named Sida. I'm not sure if she knows her name is another abbreviation for AIDS.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis has a certain ring to it How about Anthrax? Sounds like some of the random crap people name their kids these days... Syphillis  Impetigo.  Echolalia. Jaundice Technically not the name of teh disease but the bacteria, but I always thought Salmonella would be a nice name for a girl. Francisella. Francisella tularensis is a class a bioweapon Roseola, Rubella...Roseacea...
 Seborrhea, yeah [I can see it now](http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/N0knRN6MaMg/hqdefault.jpg).  Age Ivy Aladeen Diphtheria. Diarrhea. I have a soft spot for Glioblastoma. If you are Greek, Diabetes. Or Betty for short. Malaria Aiden is pretty common but I think 'AIDS' sounds just as nice. Influenza.

Just wanna note a lot of the names presented here sound pretty hood either way. I actually think Colic would be a nice name if it weren't for the unhappy-baby implications.  Herpes? Not a disease, but I always thought Famine would be a pretty name, and could work for any gender. Susan Is this some kind of repressed anger thing where your parents named you a really bad name and you want to make your childrens life as miserable as yours?  Anemia Chiari Chlamydia. Its my little take on Lydia...that bitch... I'm 7 hours too late here, but [this is a hilarious clip of David Alan Grier turning drugs/chemicals/molecules into black kids' names on Loveline.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue4m_2F8vJc) Lou Gehrig  Nicki Minaj I think Cinderella sounds a lot like a disease Porphyria Dysplasia for a girl. Dengue I feel like Malaria would be a nice name... It sounds almost like a flower. Malaria. Rubella Rubella Scurvy A condition not a disease, but Penumbra.  Scarlet Fever could be the name of a porn star...
 Lou Gehrig.  Polio. "Come here Polio" *Polio then rolls into the room* Bulimia. Too bad it sounds like a name a fat girl would have. I think Chlamydia would be a fantastic name.  Hello, my name is Impetigo Montoyo. You killed my father. Prepare to die. I've always thought Chlamydia would be nice. Sam and Ella? Call her, uh, Cholera. Malaria Pregnancy. Cholera could be pretty.  Coxsackie, has a beautiful ring to it.

Cox or sackie as a nickname. I've actually seen a cashier named "Candida" before...  Bubonic Parkinson. You could nickname him Parker. Dysentery Donna Rhea Some of these will be on a Maury paternity test show sometime soon. :( This is my daughter:

Rubeola Genitalia Jackson Progeria Tourettes Rubella Parkinson's

Oh wait... ITT every disease name ever Tularemia... Tula for short Kuru Rubella Aphasia Typhus Myasthenia. It sounds like some Greek goddess' name. Rubella. I think Cancer would be a cool name if it wasn't a disease. In Juwana Mann, they ask if there are signs of chlamydia, he says he doesn't have sisters. Does Lou Gehrig count? Pneumonia. What a cold bitch. Jaundice, the girl with the immaculate tan Al Coholism Sirenomelia, lots of fun nickname spinoffs and it is pretty deadly and rare.  sciatica... re-spelled Skyattica Claire Phyllis. Her initials C.Phyllis Captain Trips.  Lou Gehrig... Contact dermatitis.  Verruca. And yes, Roald Dahl knew he was naming the character "plantar wart" - he named her mother Angina, after all. Clostradium-but round the hood she's known as C Dificil... Hello, my darling Chlamydia! I knew a girl named Mal'aria, but pronounced (mal-är-ee-uh).  I accidentally said malaria one time and she did not take too kindly to it. Chlamydia  Rubella, Roseola Rubella Rubella would make such a pretty name :p Ebola Chlamydia Malaria Candida Cholera Candida. Bubonique Yersinia ITT: Words I can't pronounce. Anal prolapse. Republicans.  Chlamydia Tim Dysentary, Chlamidia, Rosacea, Anorexia, Bulemia- perfect for black kids. Lupis? Aspergers Chlamydia Erectile Dysfunction  Malaria has a nice ring to it. Trisomy-21 for the near distant future when numbers are commonly inserted into children's names due to our robotic overlords making it a requirement  Miley Cyrus Malaria. Malaria and Rubella, but not diphtheria, if you watched "Modern Family" recently :) Salmonella HIV Clamydia, I think I'll name my daughter Clamydia. Miley Cyrus Malaria doesn't sound awful.  [Relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue4m_2F8vJc) Ebola Mauritius
 Ebola  emphysema Aids? Maelena.  Aphasia Lupus Al Zeimers Anorexia Nervosa Porphyria Diabetty Tuberculosis  leukemia sounds kinda nice  Tinnea Versicolor Herpes sounds like an old Christian name? 
We do call him herp Scarlet Fever if you wanted her to grow up to be a stripper.   Chlymidia.  Ankylosing Spondilitis. Diahorrea for a boy and Syphallis for a girl.

Expecting a baby soon so will keep these in mind.

Also apologies for spelling. No idea how to spell these diseases. Colitis 

 Polyps would be cute Alexithymia? Escorbuto I have it on good authority that there's a guy named Cancer in prison. Polio Feline Vestibular dropsy, for a loveable but mildly retarded child!!!! Sanity Chlamydia Chlamydia Chlamydia, she's very outgoing I know it's not a disease, but my aunt is a nurse, she told me the story of a mother who named her daughter 'Vagina' because she thought it sounded pretty. Scarlet (fever) German Measles...Beautiful... Dyslexia Edit: She wouldn't be that good of a speller Cholera Chlamydia sounds like a flower. Harley-Quinn. badass name.  Scurvy Amelia Melena Beriberi Anosmia, Aphasia

I used to name my MMO characters with names for afflictions and medications. Scrofula. Dysentery  Ebola (her nickname could br Dropsy) Incontinencia. A mother at the school my mum used to teach at named her daughter Chlamydia. I think she was forced to change it when trying to register it.  Candida, as in *Candida albicans* or the 1970 smash hit from Tony Orlando and Dawn. Feline [Calici](http://i.imgur.com/hzoNd) Virus Roseola Groat, from Groat's disease ;) Dan Druff. The boy that always flakes on you. Clostridium difficile.

Not got much of a ring to it, but still... I have a friend who is a strong advocate for diarrhea being a beautiful girl's name. I disagree As we were studying prions in class one day, a female student said "That would make such a pretty girl's name!"  Although I have had "Priya" and "Priyanka", I've yet to have a "Prion" on my roster.  Give it time though... Cancer? AIDS
 Not a diesase but one of my high school science teachers wanted to name his daughter Annelida. It's a certain type of worm. Malaria...sounds like a lil girls name honestly! These aren't diseases but our birthing instructor told us about 2 terrible names she had to educate 2 young parents on; Meconium and Phelony.
 It's not a disease, but a medical term: Melena.  It pretty much means black poo.  I've heard of two little girls recently with this name! Ebola Typhoid. Nice and manly Gonorrhea
 Veruca
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulmh3A4lkm4 My friend's daughter's name is Addison. Chlamydia  Cancer...  Anasarca

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anasarca Asberger, it seems to roll off the tongue nicely Rubella Cholera. Is that weird? Polio [Cryptosporidium](http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20081217022228/aliens/images/f/fc/Furon.jpg) Cholera. Ataxia
 Roseola Twins: Sam and Ella Girl: Chiari, Myoma, Tourette, Apnea

Unisex: Varicose, Narcolepsy

Boy: Marfan, Arteriosis Countchoculitis Loa Loa Hepatitis. Sounds like a Greek God!!!! Alopecia I'm not sure but i must say Psoriasis sounds kind of funny and ictyosis too Chlamydiae has a nice ring to it Scarlet Fever is actually pretty badass for a girl Gonorrhea. Ebola. Thalassemia
edit: even prettier in French
 “Cinderella? Snow White? What's that? An illness?”
- J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Chlamydia Chlamidia. how do people come up with such questions..? Chlamydia. Hands down. I know someone named Valaria, when I heard it for the first time I questioned why someone would name their kid after a disease Whooping Cough. Addison. Most STDs have interesting kids names.  
Chlamydea
Gonnorrhea 
Syphilis Someone has been watching hell on wheels Melenoma, always liked that one Kala Azar is a pretty badass one. (Another name for leishmaniasis) Perthes. Influenza Anthrax. Name for the interesting foreign exchange student from Europe in school. Psoriasis Syphilis  Measles Erectile Dysfunction  Khaleesi... now a popular name because of game of thrones, also a virus in rabbits.  Tinea! Cerebral Autosomal Dominant Arteriopathy with Subcortical Infarcts and Leukoencephalopathy Chlamydia. 

Tell me that shit doesn't sound elegant as fuck. Chlamydia Anorexia  Cancer Croup

I picture a football player. A legacy kid who gets highly recruited. Croup Namath, or something. Al-Zheimers Lou Gehrig. Just rolls off the tongue. Tourette Calici. I've seen several pets with this name and I wouldn't be surprised if people named their kids this.  Chronic Halitosis Amelia is already a name, and a birth-defect where children are born missing parts of their arms and/or legs.  Ebola My mom said she'd have liked to name a daughter "Diarrhea". Variola. Dysentery. Little Dysentery Jones... Always wanted a kid named Bilharziasis. Purpura. Lassa *(like the fever)*

Aura *(migraine/seizure prodrome symptom or virus class)*

Chorea *(Huntington's symptom)*

Varicella *(chickenpox)* Cholera, typhus, chlamydia.  Henoch. Progeria. Chlamydia 


 Monera, not a disease but a bacteria Its too bad Chlamydia has to be a venereal disease. Its such a pleasant sounding word.

Chlamydia?

Chlamydia. 

Chlamydia. I think I might name my daughter Chlamydia. 
 Chlamydia Chlamydia. Ebola I think Legionella - it's a bacteria associated with Legionnaires' Disease, also Rubella. Polycythemia and you can call her Polly for short.  Bells...Bell's Palsy. Vitiligo  Roseola. Call her Rosie Syphilis Everyone posting "Chlamydia" reminds me of [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPW5QKBmf90) The crabs demand the return of Cancer. You can keep "crabs" to name your diseases. Itchy.  Addison from Addison's disease  Syphilis...could be Philis for short Syphillis  Chlamydia is nice on the ears....
 Rickettsia http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulmh3A4lkm4 OP don't name your kid after a disease  Cancer I'm shocked no one has referenced this yet,
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulmh3A4lkm4

Sorry for the shitty quality. Cholera  Kid in AP bio said he was going to name his first daughter Escherichia Syphilia Alfred Hitchcock noted that Leprosy would be a nice girl's name. Fibrodisplaysia Ossificans Progressiva  I've always thought that Chlamydia would sound really nice...of course without the context. Psoriasis  Billy Reuben. It is the stuff that makes your poo brown. "All hail Lady Dysentery with escort, Colonel Pox of the Sixth Mounted Rifles Regiment."  Variola. Not the name of the disease, but it is arguably the most dangerous virus to ever have threatened humanity.  I had a friend growing up with a doll named Malaria. She thought it sounded pretty. Achalasia  vagina.

oh wait... AIDS Varicella Zoster  Hannah Indiana Velmana Malaria Clamidia a girl in my kindergarden was called aztma. Aleast that is how it was pronounced Psoriasis.  It'd be a sweet name for a Greek demigod. I think Chlamydia the Crusher would be a sweet name for a boy.  Chlamydia... Such a pretty name. ITT: words for diseases that end in 'a'. Pertussis, sounds like a greek god or something. Ebola Chlamydia  * MRSA    Williams
* Cholera    Van Patton
* Mumps   Mcgee
* Gonorrhea Jones
* Machupo Iglesias
* Chlamydia Johnson 
* Vibrio Moretti
* Glanders Smith
* Shigella Washington  Mesothelioma Malaria is a pretty sounding word.. Syphilis?  Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.

EDIT: It's not pretty... It's pretty bad ass. Verruca Chlamydia.  My biology teacher used to say if he ever had twins, he would name them Sam and Ella (salmonella). Not quite a disease, but Malacia has a nice ring to it.
 Hugh Jass gonorrhea jr IV Lupus would make a cool name for a boy Cholera
 Ricin has a nice ring to it.  Scrofula.  Sounds a bit like a scabby vampire. Proctalgia Fugax Even Assburgers is better than another darn Aydyn derivative.  And yes I spelled both of those the way I intended.  Lady Gonorrhea, may I introduce my daughter Pica and my son Whitlow. They may make excellent matches for your son Marasmus and your daughter Ranula. Might we discuss this further in the library? I'll have my butler Lumbago bring us some sherry. Just watched *Waiting...* recently, didn't you? Don't fucking lie to me. I've always wanted a daughter named Melena. You know, like when you have G.I. ulceration and you shit black, tarry blood in your stool. I've always like the name Cholera Brucella, Bordella, Palsy, Cholera, Dengue, Malaria, Diphtheria, Epilepsy, Giardia, Loiasis, Miasis...I feel like these could all be acceptable names for Harry Potter Characters. I'll ask my friend, Sal Monella. H. Pylori.  Fasciitis.  Candida Malaria Pertussis Chlamydia sounds somewhat nice? Syphilis  chlamydia Icthyosis, but it sounds pretty fishy to me... Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism.

Sudi for short! Anaphylaxis or Anisocoria.  Cholera Sleep paralysis "Paris" Parkinson My mom met a girl named Syphilis (pronounced Sa-phyllis). it's not pretty, but it exists !  My friend worked in a hospital where a family was trying to name their child "Psoriasis" because they thought it was a pretty sounding "name." Granted, English wasn't their first language, so the nurse had to politely tell them that it's the name of a skin condition... Chlamydia can probably pass off as a name to people who don't know their STIs. Just saying xD

Also, AIDS. While watching AMC's badass show, "Hell on Wheels", I sincerely thought Cholera would be a pretty name... Guillain‑Barre' Rosacia  Has Cachexia been said yet? I've got an image of little Hexia with pig tales and a school willing attitude. Genital Warts Sids Porphyria. It's actually quite beautiful. Jaundice  Varicella.  It's chickenpox, but it sounds like a girl's name.   Hepatitis, if your child's a gladiator. Malaria. Psoriasis anorexia nervosa Sars  not a disease, but I know someone who named her daughter "placenta" Kevin is a disease. Melena: Black smelly stool caused by bleeding into the gastrointestinal tract. Alopecia Erysipela. 
I think is a nice name for a girl. Parkinson('s) for a boy chlamydia L'kemia Cancer Venereal has a certain ring to it I think Anemia Malaria sounds kind of nice if you don't correlate it to the actual disease.  Flu Z for a rapper
 Mad cow.   Merasmus! Names for a child are no different to names for an adult; Just a reminder. I honestly think Cancer would be a nice name. Renifleur I knew a guy named Nemanja pronounced like pneumonia but the "eu" is pronounced like the "a" in "cat". I always liked the name. I've met a Candida. Dysentary Meet my daughter Chlamydia.  I was surprised to hear once that Candida is a girls name, Spanish I think. No name is pretty enough to justify naming your kid after a vaginal yeast infection. Cancer. Chlamydia.  Anorexia  Vitiligo   AIHA (autoimmune hemolytic anemia) pronounce it aiya  
 Typhus. I used to take care of cats named Sam and Ella. Their owner was a doctor. Addison's disease, Anemia,Amnesia. Encephalitis. Kawasaki disease, Kuru, Tularemia Babesiosis, nickname: Babe. Diabeetus Aids I have a coworker who has a niece named Melena....melena means dark, tarry, foul smelling stool Chlamydia Syphilis. You could call them Syphs as a nickname. Cholera would be a good name. Ascaris

Technically a parasitic ass worm, but nice ring to it. I had a student last year named Malaria. Parents had no idea what they had named their daughter after.  Kawasaki. It would be a nice name asking with Harley and Su(zuki) Roseola. Anal Polyps Psoriasis Neurosis  [David Allen Grier turns medical terms into black kids' names](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue4m_2F8vJc) Clostridium difficile I actually was thinking about this on the way home from work. Malady...It's close to Melody, but it's not a good thing. Plus, it basically covers all diseases. Edema sounds nice Herpe.  Leukemia Don't do it OP! Alcoholism

***IT'S A DISEASE STAANNN***    I remember when I was in the 4th grade, we had the awesomest teacher ever. He was an old guy, but was really into science and stuff, and we got to watch Bill Nye the Science guy in class often. On the first day, when he got to know all of us we all shared something we did over the summer or something about ourselves; elementary school sort of jazz. 
   Anyways, there was this one girl, and she had some disease called Alopecia, where parts of her hair were falling out. So, our teacher said, "That's a pretty name, Alopecia. If I were to have another kid, that's what I'd name her." He also thought the name *medula oblongata* was a cool name as well.

TL;DR Awesome 4th grade teacher compliments student with disorder about how pretty and name-worthy it sounds. Rosacea Salmonella Lupus.
Wart.
Trombosis Jr. Anencephaly This OP must have some messed up thoughts.  There was a girl in one of my college classes recently named Alegra.  Good times Pellagra. It's the vitamin B3 deficiency that killed a lot of conquistadors as they didn't understand how to process maiz properly. And a beautiful girls name, I would imagine. Alzheimers  chlamydia Asbergers Chlamydia! Le autist Melanoma, called Mela for short.

Papilona.

 Herpesia Toxoplasmosis not a disease but a specailty: anesthesia  Slack through junior high, try in high school.

Not the other way around, which is what I did. Stop being so fucking awkward and antisocial.  I would have learned how to program long before my second year in college. If I was 13 I don't think I would have any access to money. My parents wouldn't trust me with money, and if I made crazy accurate predictions they would either realize I was from the future or dismiss it. So I don't think profiting off stocks would be an option.

It would be extremely easy to do well in school. Even once your 20 if you go back and look at the SAT's you will realize that they are extremely simple and easy. Getting straight A's in all honors classes would be a breeze.

I would try hard at sports, because now I know what it is to try hard. I cold probably excel in that as well.

But socially it would be difficult. I wouldn't be attracted to any of the girls as I am currently not attracted to 13 year olds. I would not be able to connect with them. Adults would treat me as a kid, so it would also be impossible to connect with them.

In the end I would probably spend all my time on the internet masked by a username where I could talk to people who wouldn't know who I was or how old I was. Profit off of Apple, use some of the money to play monopoly with post recession property prices. Avoid looking like Napoleon Dynamite in freshman year as much as possible, get laid, and get a 4.0.

Money, bitches, and good grades.  Use incognito.

Edit: Or erase my browsing history. *sigh* what I'm trying to say is I watched porn. A lot. I would know that High School homework is a fucking cake walk and sit my lazy ass down and actually put forth the effort Pick up the free weights and do some god damned lifting, because some middle school bullies are about to get *fucking worked*. A girl and I mutually crushed on each other at all the wrong times throughout our teenage years. So, I would say ask her out, since we don't even talk to each other anymore Geez, I've fantasized about this! It'd be 1994 again!

I'd offer to cook dinner on occasion, since mom also had a job and would come home exhausted. I'd also say she needs to revamp her diet so she doesn't get adult onset diabetes and cancer.

I'd appreciate video arcades more. And go to more concerts.

I'd probably be a guitar prodigy as I started playing guitar at 13.

I'd rent more movies from Blockbuster and watch all their horror films.

And I'd probably be way more confident when talking to girls as I'd have the knowledge and experience I have now to give me confidence at 13. Or, maybe not. But I'd be better off than I was. Never smoke cigarettes, eat better, work out, study harder, invest in tech, read everything, learn to play the piano Put it in her butt Is it once again the year we were actually 13, or are we getting to become 13 now? Get braces. I refused them on the grounds that my orthodontist was a creepy demon who looked at my mum funny. He still ended up shagging her, so I may as well have got straight teeth out of it.. Get a job programming after school, save up for my moped license when I'm 14, put the rest into Apple stocks. Go to a proper dojo this time, don't let the girl get away. I'm 15 and taking some notes. Never picked up that cigarette. I would chill the fuck out. Stop being insecure. Life is so much better like this. Listen to my parents Tell parents to invest in apple stock Not comb my hair that way. *Shudders* Since that would be 1981 for me, I would plan on investing every nickel I ever make in Apple and Microsoft. Win big betting on every Superbowl winner once I turn 21.  Stop caring about what people think about me. Join after school activities. Lift correctly on a solid program. Have a good childhood. Develop good habits now so they will be ingrained for later years. Relearn how to play instruments. Get a head start on subjects that I will be learning in college.  Talk to girls &gt; watching porn So much sex. It will never be as easy as it would have been then, had I not been completely clueless. Take that trip to China with your mom, that girl wasn't going to be around long anyway.  Work out like crazy and refuse to take an ounce of s**t from anyone in secondary school. It wasn't worth it and i didn't deserve it. Stay focused on the dreams I realize I have and ditch the people who brought me down. fuck bitches get money Stop worrying so much about whether or not everyone likes me, and focus more on being a person that I actually like.  Internet porn sites. Make millions. Freak people the fuck out by pretending to be an evil genius or something, then convince people that I'm behind all of the impending terrorist attacks and use the fact that I know the exact dates of these attacks as proof. Try and practice my Bar Mitzvah a little better Focus more on what I'm putting into my mouth. Think more about how eating well and treating my body right will pay off in the long run. So many body issues, self-esteem problems, and confidence barriers would have been easier to deal with had I realized the effects of my diet/habits. I also would have tried harder in math class. I'm bad at math. Do better in school, not stick my dick in crazy, not waste the great opportunities I had back then, appreciate many things I had back then, specially both of my Grandpas, man so many things I just can't type them all... A lot. I'd keep myself trim, go to a different high school, ask that girl out, not procrastinate so much in my classes, get accepted to UCLA or UC Berkeley, instead of where I'm going now. Learn the play the drums. Guys in bands get girls, every band needs a drummer, there's probably one drummer for every twenty guitarists/bassists.

This is the one life lesson I have for a future son, or daughter. I'd make sure that I exercise regularly so I could be fantastically muscular and actually make it easier to get girls (I used to be a chubby kid).

Also, I'd audition for a performing arts high school. Public school was great and all, but I'm really serious about acting now. I probably would have been more diligent about using protection during intercourse. 1. Put in effort for a scholarship 
2. Get my depression and social anxiety treated before college.  Do everything the same right until I'm 20, and when I'm looking at the passport form and it gives me the option to either pay extra and get it in two days, or pay less and supposedly get it in a week, make damn well fucking sure I get it in two days. Maybe then it'd be different. There'd certainly be no "maybe" about me charging up north, even if it was to see her for just a day. Maybe then, she wouldn't have thought I was blowing her off and not coming to see her during that week during spring break. Maybe then, she wouldn't have met him. Maybe then, they wouldn't have gotten married and had a son a few years after. And maybe then, I wouldn't spend every night wondering "what if." Commit way more crime. Before the age of 16, you can get away with anything short of murder.  Get the wiring in my old family home checked so it doesn't burn causing me to lose everything. Finish high school. Make my mother go to the hospital as soon as her arm started feeling numb so maybe the blood thinners would save her. Never start drinking.
 I was *painfully* shy. I would be more outgoing....I was worth it.  Convince my parents to move to Canada Not eat shit and exercise more .I was a skinny kid,then puberty hits and I get kinda curvy. I've spent 30 yrs with  my weight going up and down and bodydysmorphic  issues .I have increased body hair from extreme dieting. I've suffered social anxiety from my weight.and I'm not even terribly big.It's hard when you've been told "you'd be so pretty if you lost weight" and  get praised when do you do.I can never keep the weight off. I have a fucked thyroid and had my meds tripled 3 times. I often wonder if I had never dieted so extremely if my thyroid would work better.Oh well. Study. Ace every subject, become the high school valedictorian on graduation next school year. Not be so obsessed with attention from guys the first few times I got it. Give that scrawny little shit a chance and stay at the school with him, bullying gets better.  Save money and be more mature.  Stay in shape and care about appearance a little more I would stop trying to make everybody like me. I would stop comparing myself to others, because in the end, I will be fine. (And far, far away from those people.)

Long story short, you can't make people like you.You may as well invest that energy in yourself. You are the only one you'll have to deal with throughout all of your life, so better make sure you like yourself better than anyone else. Turns out if you like you, others are more likely to like you too. Buy a PS3 as soon as possible. 
I could have caught up on all my old games from the PS1 AND PS2, which I missed due to switching to the xbox. 

Damned Xbox. Well... that's when my parents got in a fight and then a divorce... I would call the cops on my mom this time... was too scared to back then but I'd do it now.  Had that shit in my hand...  Learn a lot of new skills while it's still super normal to be an amateur at everything. 

For some reason I felt like I should always be an expert or a natural at anything I tried, so I never learned any cool random stuff like ..I don't know... theatre lighting or bike repair. Not that it's too late now, but it would have been a lot less late then. Get a part time job and work as much as possible. Don't stop working until I'm 18 and save every cent. Use money to buy a cheap fixer-upper condo/house. Flip said condo/house and either sell it or rent it. Continue the process until I'm a real-estate mogul with enough money to put myself through school etc. etc.  Just...not give a SHIT.  About much other than grades.  Because I would know that your status in high school (much less middle school) means absolutely jack squat  Start trends that are popular now.  I'd have done way better in school, and I'd get laid like CRAZY in high school. Slack of school, use my free time to read about shit that I find interesting, and start working at 16 so I can start building work experience and saving up money to travel.  No college for me.  
 I have thought about this exact thing a lot. I'm actually writing a story about this same premise. I'd do a lot of things differently but in the end I try to steer my life to where it is now to be in love with the girl I love now even though I probably will never be with her.  I wouldn't have tried to fit in with anyone. I woulda been my own person.  band auditions, all the rest are playing variations on a hot cross bun and I pull out the Nielsen concerto and 

still can't play it because what I'd really do is tell myself to practice so that when you're 25 you can play the Nielsen concerto. DAMMIT I don't like these thought experiments. Be more confident, earlier. Join theater department earlier. Ask out cute girl one year ahead of me, earlier.

Basically do everything earlier. High School is going by way too fast! Skip school, pre-emptively found Twitter, Dropbox, Grameen Bank, and Kickstarter, accurately predict stock data as far back as 1993 (you can get daily info off of Yahoo for free), and trade against it.

This is so cheat-mode... it's ridiculous.

Note: I'm assuming we're not subject to the same hormones we were when we were 13... Drop out of school, get my GED and go straight to college. Skip all of that middle school and high school crap.  if you're anything like me, you ask yourself this question whenever you're bored. That, and what would I do if I won the lottery. I would try to make the most of it and try not to be a condesending asshole to adults. I would easily maintain a good gpa and play sports.

From there I would coast until I then turned 18 and definatley make better finanical and life decsions.  Ask my 13-year-old crush out. Turns out she liked me forever. Blaah. 15... 

Talk to girls and join clubs, which I never did until a few months ago. Actually do my school work. Smoke pot. Not stress over things that don't matter. Be more social. I would definitely make sure that I chose my friends a lot more intelligently as I head into high school.  Poor choices literally ruined my freshman year and made getting my grades back to respectable standards difficult.  I've only retained about 1 or 2 friends from high school, and there were definitely some good people in my school that I could have been friends with.

In general I'd put in more effort in school.  Me not trying in high school has lead to me not trying and not really caring about college so far.  I don't have any sense of urgency or importance when it comes to school work and that's because I never developed good study habits.

I would definitely play baseball.  I loved casually playing as a kid but lacked the motivation to play it in an actual league.  

Assuming the actions that lead up to my first girlfriend remained the same, I would approach the relationship a LOT differently.  Having a better understanding of what it means to be in a relationship and how to treat another person, I could hopefully make it last a lot longer and be more mutually enjoyable.

Socially I would try and make more friends and to speak out a lot more.  Somewhere between the start of high school and the end of junior year was where I developed my horribly introverted personality that I despise on a daily basis because I just can't break the habit to this day, no matter how much I desire to.

When I apply to colleges, definitely go for an out of state one.  Staying close to home has been one of the worst decisions I've ever made.

Bonus: Avoid every online game I've ever become addicted to so I can fix the things mentioned.

tl;dr: EVERYTHING Go to the specialized Fine Arts high school I was accepted into instead of one that was over crowded, and focused on sports just so I could stay with my friends.  Honestly?  I would probably kill myself. Holy shit, I'd just redo everything! Quit dance? Nope, back to the 40hr/wk schedule. Spend high school stoned off my ass? Nope, hit the books. Take a gap year that turns into gap life? Nope, university bound. Work for minimum wage for the rest of my life? Nope, earn living wage at a big girl job. I honestly wish I could erase the last ten years of my life. I'd be way better off.




EDIT: on that note, time to call my mom and beg for grocery money so I can eat this week. Take all of the birthday money I've ever earned and get my dad to buy me stocks in Google with it. Try not becoming a Pokemon trainer...
 Become a pro halo player. Save my money rather than buying stupid frivolous shit. Quit skateboarding and BMX riding so I can have both of my original ACLs back. Study harder and plan on getting my bachelors in American History and attending law school straight out of high school so I don't end up wasting 6 years pursuing a degree I don't want, dropping out, and having to start college essentially from square one at 24. That's about it. Be more independent and try to challenge myself outside of academia, do more stupid shit. Oh and eat right. Ace tests, look at old newspapers with the winning lottery numbers and get lots of money :') Apply yourself now in school, try out for sports, don't worry about the "cool kids", take one day at a time...you got it. Stop cheating and Spanish class and actually pass the stupid final  All of the hit songs that haven't come out yet that I have saved on my hard drive? Yeah, I made those. Never shove anything all the way in.
 Take myself a lot less seriously, learn to laugh at myself, make friends not just wait for people to make friends with me. I'm just going to skip the whole "invest in X, play the lottery, etc" shit.

Fight back, having experienced a few good beatings in the last couple of years, anything that a couple of junior high shitheads could dish out seems pretty minor now. I'd call in a bomb threat to the World Trade Center right hours before 9/11, so they'd have to evacuate the building and hope that I made the right decision in altering historical events.  Try harder in high school, get a diagnosis earlier (both for lupus and dyscalculia), not get fat after taking prednisone, meet my husband earlier, plan my wedding better, talk a few family members out of using drugs, and not drop out of college. I can't get alcohol as easily now so I'm a little sad about that.  Not sure also how I feel about not being able to drive again.  I would start using whey protein a lot sooner.  Make class my bitch! Invest a shit ton.  Idk invent reddit? 

Edit: Also Wifi and find a way to copyright it or something.   Fuck bitches. Invest in Apple and property in Telluride, CO. I would spoil people with the upcoming events in Naruto! I will speak up. I will not back down when I know I'm right, and it's the right thing. I stand strong in my convictions and do not let them waiver. I will treasure the true friends that respect me for who I am, and don't try to change it. I love my family, and those who are close to me. I take the time to do things right without carelessly pushing through them. I live in every moment and exist in the now. I would be brave, fearless, mindful, loving, and thoughtful... Get laid a lot more, do college in california, and be very good at the stock market. Easy, copy songs from band's that came out after as if they were my own. Crack, lots and lots of Crack More bitches. Hard drive transported back?

Grace the world with Google Chrome. Get my long ass hotly hair cut. Shave the Bieber Hair... Not care what my classmates thought of me.  I wouldn't take everything so seriously, having said that I would also have spoken less and listened more I'd be too preoccupied with trying to prevent 9/11 and other disasters. As an inconsequential 13 year old. Schizophrenia runs in my family, so for certain I'd be medicated and my life would be ruined. Ugh I'm going to submit another answer to this because this one sucks. I'd cut my hair and not dress like a homeless person.
 I would of stayed back when my parents moved. I whent from the number 1 private school in america to the 48th worst state for schools. Who knows how different my life would be. Because id use my extensive sports knowledge like in back to the future. To make my self wealthy.  Stop caring so much. Save my money, work harder in school, and don't take bullshit from anyone. hit the gym like it's my job, quit worrying about god because he doesn't exist and try to prevent 9/11 Become friends with my girlfriend (she would be 12), help her through her parents divorce, prevent her from becoming depressed and suicidal for 4 years, stop all the bad shit from happening to her that did, and show her that being hit does not equal love. Don't care about junior high, not have blue hair, not listen to Swedish death metal, take hgh school seriously, punch my bully Phil in the face the first time he ever fucked with me, saw what played out with Morgan instead of being a dick to her.  Wake up, and go to school. Bring my Sports Almanac! &gt; what do you do differently?

**EVERYTHING** Masturbate twice as often and twice as long. I would probably give close to 0 fucks about 90% of everything. At that point, nothing really matters THAT much Meh... Not really unhappy where I am now. Maybe be a bit more out about who I am and all that Pride Jazz but really, I wouldn't try harder or less. I study hard, run fast in Cross and get really good grades. All in all, I'm happy.  how about stop wasting money on booze and chicks. I feel like I should show my 13 year old son this. I would 'discover' that I needed a minor surgery 6 years earlier than I did.  
I would take dance classes.  
I would (maybe) take singing lessons.  
I would continue at my athletics club.  
I would take up gymnastics/cheer leading. Cheer leading isn't as big in the UK as it is elsewhere. The stunts both amaze and scare me.  
I would study a lot harder.  
I would work on my confidence.  


I would concentrate on the first one and last two.  

Edit: Formatting and gymnastics. Do better in school, be more out going, don't be so obsessed with boys. Fucking hug my mom and step dad every day until they think I'm insane.
And call my bio dad at least weekly. I recently saw some photos from around then, and bawled like a baby that night. Nothing was wrong in those pictures. No one had committed suicide (bio dad), there was no stoke (step dad), and no fucking ALS (mom). Don't date any guy who wears more eyeliner than you do, thus saving yourself a world of heartbreak. I would not get arrested. Because that sucked. Save my allowance to buy stock in these new "personal computers" that are coming out. That and stop goofing around in school and actually apply myself. Gotta get rid of  the old habit of "why study and get an A when I can do the minimum and get a C" Rape, pillage, and murder. Mine and buy bit coins.  Less falling in love, more fucking Become a janitor at Microsoft &amp; work for stock options.  Sometime in the first month of eighth grade, I would calmly walk out of science class, like the first time. 
Instead of locking myself in a bathroom stall and clawing at my wrists until there was blood under my fingernails, I would have a good cry, splash some water on my face, and write a rude limerick about my teacher. 
I don't know if it would save me, but things would have been different.  Nothing. 
If I didn't make all the mistakes early on, skipping and slacking, I wouldn't have hit rock bottom my junior year in high school. I also wouldn't have my my SO that helped me rebuild my self.  Have friends. Wait until I turned 22 and then bet everything on Tim Tebow and the Denver Broncos defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers on the first snap in Overtime during the 2011-2012 NFL Playoffs. Oh jeez, where do I start, I mean, my step-mom committed suicide when I was 14, it would be so hard to deal with because now I know when it will be and will have to silently know while everyone suffers. (There's nothing I could do to stop it, she was going to end it no matter what or when and I understand that now.) I got into a lot of fights in school and fought authority big time back then, so maybe I would try and be a better student while I still had a chance to go to high-school.. (Went to homeschool through 8th grade (late 13- early 14 years old) so when my step-mom committed suicide (march 22nd, 2008 I was late 14yo) I was never enrolled in a highschool). I'd stop skateboarding before I messed up my knees, and start playing basketball instead.. (discovered natural talent in basketball AFTER totally screwing up the cartilage in my knees... I also had football talent and an 18mph sprint at 13 that I could hold for 75yds.. I've hit 20mph running with a car recently but I can only stay there for a couple seconds before my knees start feeling like they're going to tear apart). Also, I'd tell Katelynn I liked her too.... She grew into a hell of a good woman and will be a very good wife to a very lucky guy..

TL;DR - I'd somehow end up in the NBA with a trophy wife... yeah right but I'd give it a shot at least. my makeup Be more physically active and keep it lighthearted because I know it gets better from here on out.
 No, the popular kids don't care about you.  
Stop worrying.  

Extra Credit: Start producing music earlier. Wear less fucking eyeliner for God's sake! &gt;The contents of your person computer are saved on an external hard drive and go back in time with you. How do you use this to your advantage?

Suddenly I'm the next big hit in music, cinema and literature altogether. i would tell the first girl i ever liked that i liked her. didn't do it then  Not try to commit suicide. It really does get better :) I don't cheat my way into almost losing a chance to get into my private high school. I wouldn't constantly talk and make really fuck-awful jokes to the actors while going through a haunted house. I was trying to act "cool", instead of enjoying being scared, and I was probably ruining the experience for others.

Now, at age 23, I always manage to be stuck in the group with the annoying teenager going through a haunted house that won't shut the fuck up with his "Hey bro"s and "Lol dude, you aint scary"s. Don't trust medical on the Marine base, and I get to keep the lung. Buy apple shares. Buy Bitcoins.
Get out of American banks for the recession.  I would register every major domain name. 

I would of spent more time developing communication skills, and learning how to network more efficiently. 

I would genuinely predict upcoming events, and use the public awareness of my foresight to make up a prediction a huge event in the future, which would require that all of us work together a team to overcome. Get out more. Believe in yourself. Pick up a profitable skill. Don't masturbate so much. I would convince my parents to invest in Google heavily.  Also i would invent Facebook.  Luckily i already slacked through middle school and put minimal effort into high school.   Invest in Apple. It was trading at roughly $13 on my 13th birthday. Sell it on September 21, 2012 when it peaked at 700. Punch Angela in the face while I'll still just get a suspension! Well, I'm only 15 now so...

Don't take AP classes
Realize life sucks and hope it gets better  Write a novel. Don't matter what kind of shit you put into literature, you'd still be seen as a young prodigy. Pretty much the exact same shit up until about two years ago, at that point I would have communicated better with my ex. I wouldn't have to change much, just cut out the RuneScape addiction from 11-17 years old and I'd be an entirely different person. Have sex with older women. Kids with 13 would be surprised about how turned on some women are on younger men dongs.  Not act like a woo girl. Punch the bitch on my softball team in the face. Make a move on all the girls who I didn't realize were flirting with me Fuck 13 yr olds.  Well. When I was thirteen there would have been no compatible technology into which to plug said hard drive.


That aside, I'd do damn near nothing different aside from investing every dollar from my paper route into certain companies as they went public.


By the time I finished high school I'd be a multimillionaire having done nothing other than remember some company names. 1. Forget about cliques, popularity, geekiness and just be sweet to every damn person I meet, then meet some more, and listen to their stories.
2. Destroy every homework assignment, every test, and make school my 60 hour a week mega job.
3. Lift and run daily.
4. Be the nicest, most earnest, honest mother jammer ever.
5. Sleep with only the nice ones, and be thankful even if more didn't work out.
6. Save. 25% of every dime I will earn in the future.
7. Dress appropriately and fashionably every damn day. Stop surrounding myself in negativity. It is not just a phase, it is a bad habit that will compound on itself.

Also, profit like hell on knowing what happens in the future. Not take that 2 year break between High school and University. I would have had a lot of time to live my dreams and figure myself out afterwards. Can I access Facebook messages?

Find the conversation I had with my middle school crush YEARS later, where she talked about how her boyfriend was a dick and what he did.

Wait until he does those things.  Swoop in.  Profit.

Also.  I'd find some damn pants that fit Good lord, so many things would go differently.

* I would come out of my shell much sooner and actually engage with people rather than live in timidity and fear.

* I would never set foot inside of the evangelical Christian church that ended up consuming my life for 4 years.

* I would take the multiple opportunities I had to get laid.

* I would choose my friends a little more carefully.

* I would never get involved with *her*.

These are just some of the changes I'd make, and they'd make my life considerably easier down the road (i.e. where I'm at now). I would probably change the world. Met some influential people, had some weird connections, I think I could safely say if I knew everything now at 13, I would be a world power by 30 (next year). 1)  Invest my life savings at the time (probably $1k) in Apple stock.

2)  Apply my mature knowledge of female anatomy and become a jr/sr high sex god.

3)  Bonus?  I don't even need the hard drive with 1 &amp; 2. I'll sit my ass down and work as hard as I can to get perfect grades in school and get into the best junior college in the country.

I'd also use my knowledge of sports to bet and win a shit ton of money. Not to mention invest properly and come out of the 2008 recession richer than everyone else.

I'd use the contents of my hard drive and contact a certain Vince Gilligan to co-create a TV show called Malcolm in the Middle. Just kidding,yeah I'd make Breaking Bad with Gilligan and go down in TV history. Every bit of sadness I've had for the last 7 years stemmed from my poor choice of college. So being 13 again the first thing I'd do is make sure I don't fall in line towards that path again. 

It hurts to know that every bit of happiness I have right now comes from that same very decision, but that's simply a risk I would be willing to take. 

Then I'd have a good 6 years to build a solid relationship with my dad, so I could prevent his death entirely. That's particularly exciting. Maybe as icing on the cake I could manage to not screw up my relationships with my grandfather and brother, as well as my dad's entire side of the family. 

Christ, sometimes it takes a Reddit post to realize that you're a shitty person.  be civil but otherwise ignore the fundies i'm surrounded by; not only will i never get their approval, now i realize its not the sort i'd want.

work out &amp; probably take up boxing at the city youth club.

ignore the TV &amp; go on wayyy longer bike rides whenever possible.



 Don't listen to the nasty little girls that bullied me. Especially those that made fun of me for my weight; I had major self esteem issues for years. I would know that in the long run after all this puberty business that I would grow several inches and lose the weight. I would also know what would become to them; getting pregnant at sixteen, packing tons of weight on, dropped out of school, etcetera. 

All I can say is karma is a bitch. 
 Stay the fuck away from Hot Topic  Pay more attention to my little brother in the hospital...

Also I'd probably stand up to the catty girls at school who were making 7th grade my hell away from hell.  Well I'm 24 now, so I guess I would enjoy my immortality for the next 11 years. Do more social stuff, clubs, etc. I hear those things are big on college applications, even things that you do in middle school. I would invest in google. Sex. All the sex.  Invest in Facebook, Google and Apple. Cash out at a peak - retire at 18. Masturbate.  Get outside, be more active, and eat better. It's easier to establish good habits and lose 30lbs when you're 14 than it is to lose 125lbs when you're 25.  The second I met my first girlfriend, walk the other way and have nothing to do with her.  She had the most negative effect on my life out of everyone in my life so far. Take physics and calculus in high school because right now, engineering is kicking my ass. I'll get it eventually, although college professors are fuckng worthless Kiss Elizabeth at the school dance.. In hindsight it is clear that she was asking for it. I just didnt have the courage to swing the bat. Slept with that one girl, and kept a long distance relationship with her. That way, she won't get pregnant by some other guy and became a single teen mom.  1. start trying to be social (not be an antisocial beta)

2. Start Lifting Weights

3. try out for baseball team (really popular where i live)

4. Be in popular crowd by high school

5. I'm a sophomore now 1. Get money
2. Kiss pretty girls on the mouth.
3. Don't start smoking. go to a different college, actually participate in clubs at college.
make more friends. 
treasure my friendships a lot more.
actually find a non passive hobby. (too much time spent on watching tv shows)
tell myself that education isn't everything if you don't have connections... Don't sell drugs and get kicked out of a fantastic school in the ninth grade. You will end up in a much worse one, where your life will stall for a while in a blur of ignorant, lazy pleasure-hunting, which is awesome except when that's all you have to write on college applications. Also, wrap it up. She wasn't pregnant, but it was *terrifying*. Have sex, don't be so awkward, etc. etc. etc. On the hard drive, you'd better send the computer too because IDE, SATA, and USB didn't exist yet. But if I could read it, I would have decades of stock prices for maybe a hundred stocks. Use your imagination.

Given it to do over again, I'd try to be more social, less bookish, and be an architect not a computer guy.

Edit: Duh... I'd try to find some way to make my dad not start drinking again. No idea how tho. Stupid bastard kept drinking even after docs told him he was killing what little liver he had left. Died at fiftycwhen I was 24. He did manage to quit for a while. 

Edit 2: seems like I could get quite a lot of money for the computer actually, because if I could bring my current laptop, a significant percent of the world's computing power would be in my hands. (An iPhone is more powerful than a Cray was...) I make sure I don't watch Avatar: The Last Airbender.  Be a better friend to those whom I was a terrible little shit to. Read even more. Enter high school, befriend most of the same people. Excel. Go to the same university, but with a different major. Come out to my friends earlier. This is exactly what hallucinogens do to a person. Along with some excellent visuals  I would try to fit in more and concentrate on getting good grades. I would also be nicer and pay close attention to my appearance.  Prevent a girl I have liked for a couple years from going through a traumatic experience she had sometime when she was in middle school, get better grades, make certain friends earlier, save up money, take more chances to hang out with my siblings before they move out. Study more. Join a sports team at school. Join a club at school. Talk to girls more confidently.  Be pissed the fuck off that I have to go through the same 3 years again Use tampons. Not try to kill best friend and dad on my 13th birthday. Uh, not become a fat ass. Hmm. 1. Eat well.
2. Work hard in sports practice.
3. Lose fat.
4. Gain bitches + confidence.
5. Save a shitload of wasted time in University.
6. Gain more bitches. Don't care so much about what others think. Still trying to tell myself that now. I'd take my knowledge of engineering and defeat my eighth grade nemisis in the science fair. Wash my face. Focus on school and girls, not videogames Buy apple stock. The hottest girl in your class wants the d - fucking capitalize on it  Better prepare for my relationship with the guy who ended up becoming my husband. I regret so many stupid decisions and situations where I wanted to say something more than anything in the word and just couldn't. Put money on the Yankees winning the World Series. DO NOT FALL FOR THE BAD BOYS!!! Nice guys... you know? Are nice! BOOM! Hold on to her this time. You fool! I'll lose so much sleep pondering the possibilities... Realize that people can actually see what I'm doing when I'm alone in public. No silently mouthing out imaginary conversations, no looking at a person for a prolonged period of time without saying anything. I had a number of habits that would make me come off on the creepy side. Study programming instead of art. 

Invest in Apple.  Save my brother. He needed someone in his life and I was too dumb and stupid to help. I could have been there to help him get some friends and talk to him when he's feeling down. All he did was sit at home. I thought that was just the type of person he was but I know now he was suffering from depression. All I had to do was just fucking talk to him. Ask him to hang out with me and my friends. I could have saved my brother. Don't date Sarah. Don't even talk to her. Rock school. Stay in Baseball. Win 4 straight state titles in Debate. Stay in shape. Talk to girls, commit a lot more to college, find myself in a better situation when I catch up to being 22.  Be more confident with people, and focus more on school/create myself a more solid work ethic and meet up with my current friend group a few years earlier. OR at least that is what I'd want to think I'd do.

More likely do the same be lazy stuff, and maybe remember a few facts, making me focus less on working hard, and probably digging myself a bigger whole in the future. Dont threaten suicide. For the love of god dont. I would know to dominate at athletics and study hard the rest of the time. Time management, baby. 1) Not be a slut

2) Be less bitchy and more appreciative of my parents

3) Care less about what others think of me Pay attention in school start fights stop masterbating  and talk to girls  Hit on girls  Tell my folks I don't want to go to an all boys school anymore... bang a 13 year old legally I wouldn't take high school AP classes. They royally fucked me over. I was the student who could ace regular classes without trying but didn't get what I needed out of AP classes. I wanted to challenge myself, but AP was too hard. I stuck with it for the challenge and experience, and because of it, my class ranked plummeted and colleges didn't bother to look at me. I wasted so much time, so much effort, and stressed way too much over it. I could have been one of the top of my class, but no, I wanted to actually work at it and try, because the "smart kids took AP classes". I gained nothing I couldn't have gained if I took regular.

*also. I would play Lacrosse earlier, that shit kept me sane, but since I started late (and with a not-so-great-team) I feel a little hindered when I play at my college. Although, I've been working my ass off for that and it's been showing, so woo. Not get molested by my step-father.  :( #molested #sorebutt I would NOT sleep with men twice my age confusing their company for affection. Then I'd actually spend a few years enjoying being a teenager. ask that really slutty girl out. you know, the one that was hitting on you and looking at you and stuff. you could have hit that. and losing your virginity at 13 would have made you cooler than losing it at 18.

also, cut your fuckin hair. or straighten it (because this was when that was cool) Ace each class, fuck every girl that liked me, play sports a lot better, treat my parents a lot better, and appreciate the that we were comfortable financially then.  Not start smoking and give more fucks in school and at home. **EVERYTHING!** Don't break up with that one girl, because she will be the only one that makes you happy during high school, smoke less weed, don't slap that chick on the ass cause she'll kick you in the dick, don't smoke that bowl your cousins friend gave you, do your homework!  Take care of how I look, work out, and quit caring about trying to be cool. Dude! Chicks dig you now! Forget about you three years impossible crush and look around 77 Also do some exercise...  Go to college. 1.) Take the SAT, get a 2000 and impress everyone.  Make myself seem like a prodigy.

2.) Take classes via community college over the summer and online since 7th and 8th grades are cakewalk.  Literally go into Precalulus Sophomore or Freshman year.  

3.) Go dual enrollment, graduate as early as possible at either 16 or 17. 

4.) Hope the hype train over me doesn't derail when people find out I don't do college like high school. I would start working out sooner, transfer schools and actually give a shit about my grades once I got into high school.  When that hot but kind of weird girl wanted to be my date to the 8th grade dance, I wouldn't have gotten all weirded out and would have taken her up on the offer.  By 9th grade that girl was totally sexually active, and I could have been one of those cool kids having sex in high school if I had just gone with the flow man. I guess invest in stocks from a few huge companies today. Also I would talk to girls. For the bonus: I'd buy a shitton of bitcoins back when they were worth 1/10000^th of a dollar, and sell them later at $250 each. Challenge the professors I work with to let me take the final exams in all of my classes.  Dominate all of them.  Get into college with a full ride. When Chelsea tells me her friend Gabby has a massive crush on me during a group project, **ACT ON IT INSTEAD OF BEING A DENSE MOTHERFUCKER**.

(I was 16 and have Aspergers)

***~OR~***

When that one chick you did tech support for Freshman year asks what you'd do if a woman stuck a vagina in your face, **ANSWER IT LIKE A GOD DAMN NORMAL PERSON INSTEAD OF BEING A DENSE MOTHERFUCKER**

(I was 18 and still have Aspergers)

***~OR~***

When those two chicks (not related/connected to one another event-wise) offer to have sex with you, **TURN THEM DOWN**

(Not because STDs or babies or anything. Just really, really shitty sex that wasn't worth losing my virginity for. I was/am 23) Not fucking date the life sucking harpy that cost me like 20 grand. 

Oh, and be awesome at school.  Learn as much as I can about music and become a musical prodigy. Bitches love prodigies.  Chase my dreams till I make it Tell my dad to invest in Starbucks. Other than that plug along in school and play music with much more skill than when I was 13. As far as the external hard drive...I would have to wait 5 years till the USB drive was invented...I feel old Team sports, study my ass off. Stop caring what they think. In 2 years, you'll never talk to them again.  I clear my browser history properly. Everything. Absolutely everything. Don't spend 10th grade year trying to kill yourself and don't date girls named Sam or Morgan. Bad news brah. Also get a haircut, like seriously. Cut your damn hair. It's way too long. Avail myself of all that fresh pussy at high school. Wow! Be a try hard at school, spend more time with dad, possibly just skip college entirely, cash savings bonds, buy stock in Apple / Google. Learn to save my money.

Buy more old magic cards, don't stop playing it.

Be more social, actually get out of the house more. Save money save save save did I mention that? Save. Buy a car I want later instead of being broke now wishing I could have. Save money for a car and not wasting it on Call of Duty. I'm a junior now and riding the bus when you're practically the oldest/mature person with a bunch of kids is pretty annoying. Oh man. So many things.  it would be a long conversation with my young self.

"Listen man. HS is never great, but trust me and it'll be better for you.  First and for most you are lucky.  You are going to a great school that isn't clique-ey and segregated like a typical HS you see on TV.  Sure there are people who have more friends, but it's not relegated to jocks hanging with jocks and so forth.  You know WHY those people have so many friends? Because they are really fucking nice and you shouldn't assume they are making fun of you by trying to connect with you, just because of TV Tropes.  Reach out and make some friends.

Also, they ask you to joint the baseball team for a reason.  Do it, and don't skip it like I did. Enjoy the comraderie and fucking learn to hang out with the guys.  Stop being so timid and stand up for yourself and grow a pair.

The decision not to sleep with Meghan W. in the 9th grade is a good one. She's a slut and gave some guys STD's.  You can keep that decision that same and high five yourself on dodging that bullet.

Most importantly, the people I was friends with were a mixed bag.  I kept people on the fringe who should have been my best friends, and tried to make best friends with some shitty people well into college, who do nothing but talk shit, and use you.  You'll be outcast when they need someone to blame.  They will lie to your face,  use you for a place to party or for rides. And they will tell the girls you are interested in awful things about you to make you seem like a creep.  Learn to stand up for yourself and not let them walk all over you.  

Oh, and no one ever did a senior prank.  Change that First I would try much harder in school and actually do homework so I could go to a good college instead of the crappy state college nearby. This would also allow me to stay on the wrestling team instead of having to quit twice because of poor grades.

Besides that, I would do things differently with previous girlfriends and girls I've talked to so that things between us would either work out or end on a better note. 

I would also not make so many dumb mistakes regarding friendships and future. Plan earlier for my major and and start getting experience in the field I want to work in. 

Pick up a hobby such as: playing the piano, learning another language, computer programming, Brazilian jiu-jitsu,  boxing, or even singing and dancing.

There are probably more things but I can't remember anything else. Wear the rubber bands on my braces and workout regularly. No way in hell I'm doing high school again when I'm this close to finishing it fuck off blockhead. Come up with the idea for youtube, Facebook and twitter. Tell myself to immediately turn in my ex-stepmother for molesting me. I waited 10 years to do that and although she's going to prison for 10 years, possibly more because there are 3 more counties after her, this past year and a half have sucked ass. I turned 13 in 1998. I would hug my mom every single day try not to be so awkward and be more social. Try to find a peaceful way to leave the church and make as much off of apple as i could. fuck all the bitches Do every single bit of schoolwork im given, give it 100%, and get into MIT I want to see a comment from a 14 year old taking their own answer seriously. Assuming it's 2013 make a thread on Reddit called "You're 4 again, with all the knowledge you've gained since, what do you do differently? Not smoke cigarettes i would make money off the stock market use my current math degree as a means of boosting my GPA and graduate HS early and get the fuck out of that hell hole. go to college and just major in other course. then when i turned 18 i would go to Pakistan use my wealth and knowledge of engineering to build my self advance weaponry and kidnap Osama and bring him back to the states to face trial and then death. i would forever be worshiped. then with my wealth and fame i would enter politics and bring actual freedom back to the US. i would then ban the DEA and all federal regulation on drugs. so the states can still do what evers. i would cut our military budget since my tech would be so awesome.(like almost tony stark awesome). and just chill why they rest of the world sucked our collective cocks, all because someone gave me the power to go back in time.  I would be very sad, because if I do anything differently, then chances are I won't end up with my fiance' whom I cannot live without. It sound cheesy, but I would personally pass on this opportunity due to this. My homework. That would scare me too much. A lot of great things happened to me because of the mistakes I have made, though a lot of really fucking bad shit happened because of some stuff I did, but I wouldn't have gotten so close to my friends if I hadn't gone to community college, etc etc. Scary man, but if I could change one thing and still keep my future (so keep it similar anyways) I would eat better, lose weight, stop being so antisocial and shy Fuck her. Invest in Apple and Google Don't eat that dozen donuts. And don't give a fuck what those girls say. They are terrible people. 

And show off my boobs more. They freaked me out back then and now I know how awesome they are.   To not have gone past the "Do not pass" sign in the mountains then go and tube down thinking it was a small hill but really was a 10 foot drop that led to me fracturing my wrist and wearing a cast for 6 months.  Not tell those two girls I was chasing: "where are you going, I only wanna rape you!"

I was not a wise child.  Actually do all my homework and studying to the point where I am top in each class (which is quite easy to do if you study in high school the way you do in college...)

Begin lifting weights efficiently immediately after freshman year of football so that I can make varsity football/rugby as a sophomore.

Practice guitar/singing/any other instrument I can get my hands on for 3-4 hours a day and become a baus.

Damn, if we all did this, we could all be those kids that seemed so ahead of the curve... All they did was just do what we were supposed to do, instead of procrastinating with videogames and other timesinks. As sad and depressing as this is, I was so much happier when I was 13 than I am now. It's 15 when I started to fuck my life up. I'd give anything to be 13 again, enjoy two years and then not ruin my family and all my friendships and future. Nothing really, probably not put dick in crazy but other than that I've been pretty good
 I would mourn intensely.  I have four children that I love very much and the chances of ever seeing them again would be essentially zero.  No amount of money or fame or power could ever fill that utter void in my soul. Combine that with the normal hormonal trauma of being a teenager and I doubt I would live for very long.  If I were somehow prevented from dying, then I might well choose to become an arch villain, using my knowledge of what is to be to ruin the world that stole my future from me.

Regrets and "could have beens" only last back to the latest moment in your past at which you would leave behind something that you could never hope to find again.  One of the less-discussed fringe benefits of having children is that they free you from a huge percentage of your past regrets and unfulfilled dreams. Where to start
- try harder in high school, so easy.
- join band earlier
- be confident around the ladies
- be friends with the quieter kids in class
- maybe ask my friend to date me to avoid her 4 year long relationshit that ended horribly
- eat better
- work out
- be nicer to parents Join the band  Make all the girls believe that I am special and I can tell their future, I will look at the pics and videos I saved in my hdd over the time and now I have lots of sex with them. Also I will beat microsoft in its own game by providing windows 7 and 8 before they do. Do not jack off in the middle of the living room minutes before my parents, and grandparents come home.  my exthdd is filled with physics textbooks and itunes u lectures. with all the free time i get in high school, i'd study all of it, pwn my classmates, and get into a much better university. Wear condoms in high school.  Get out of algebra and take all the remedial math I can get. Try my damndest to be more social at both new schools. Actually get into the theatre crowd like I wanted to, sign up for yearbook earlier. Get into honors classes instead of being painfully bored in regulars. Tell myself to not fall for dickheads. Read more. Study more and learn more. Spend more time with family as I see now how special that time is. Also, make even more use of my young physically able body. Also, fuck girls.. as in not waste my time chasing them.  I'm currently 13. Not sure what I should be changing, other than to stop going on Reddit too much. I'd like to say that I'd work harder in high school but I don't think I would because I'm lazy. I'd ask that girl out though. I'd ask the shit out of her.  I would walk around with more confidence and love myself. Make sure she doesn't leave me. :( Do exactly what I'm doing now, but at the age of 13. Everything!

Whilst growing up in my shithole home town with my shitlord family:
I'd start biking to school, even in the black, unholy winters, just to get more exercise, lose my gut, and so that I won't have to spend a cent on gasoline for years. 
I would make a cache of healthy food in the basement and learn how to cook. Fresh and canned fruits and vegetables and maybe some lean meats in an icebox. No more just candy and cheese which was pretty much the only thing available in my parents house. I wonder why they're both overweight and diabetic.

The shitland of highschool:
Get out of my shitty catholic highschool where they hire any mentally ill hobo off the street to teach, by any means necessary. 
Be more socially confidant and outgoing. (If i have all the knowledge I assume I have the personality of my current self and won't have to deal with the depression and social anxiety.)

Don't join the fucking military. The absolute worst decision ever made. 

Save every cent of my money so that when I finally do get out of my shithole town I'll be able to live comfortably.

Start school at 18-19 like a goddamn normal person (instead of being sent to a shitty desert to play video games for 9 months straight)

End undergrad in 3 years. Begin grad school immediately after.  not waste money on "brand name" clothes because of trends Well, I lost my dad (unexpectedly) when I was 14, so I would probably cram in as much time with him as possible.
And stop trying to be my "perfect" older sisters. I'm my own person. Come out a lot sooner, and find him as soon as I could. Punch my dad in the dick, repeatedly. Tell my Mom to set up her own hidden bank accounts and stock up on the best health insurance she can get. Focus on writing from as early a point as possible. And invest as much money as I could into several stocks. 

Bonus round: I'd plagiarize the shit out of about a thousand different books a couple decades before the authors' balls dropped. Stop trying to be "black" and just be myself. Would've saved myself a lot of trouble and ended up with better clothes  Invest in Apple. Bribe my dad's boss into liking his report that he has been working on for 10 years. Tell mom to invest in oil companies. I would know that everything that was about to change would turn out alright. In all honesty, i wouldnt do much differently. I am perfectly content with how my life turned out. There is maybe one thing i would do differently and even then it molded me into the person i wanted to eventually become. Obviously i would try a bit harder in school and really live a little bit more in college. Also i would stop stressing so much and just relax. Not be so annoying and immature to everyone around me. Also talk more openly to girls and not be so shy.  Dump. That. Fucker.

I "dated" the 19 year old that ruined my life at 13. You're going to meet a wonderful person named Nemo. 

LISTEN TO HIS FUCKING ADVICE.

He's right, you're wrong and you're going to make a stupid decision if you don't listen. So listen.

You insufferable little prick. Don't screw up that relationship. Sounds like someones got a second shot at youngest Chess Grandmaster.

I'm coming for you [Fabiano Luigi Caruana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabiano_Caruana)!!! Nothing. If I was 13, I would probably do the same shit I would've done when I was that age.   Nothing. If I changed a single event - say, I ignored my feelings for one girl in those years, I would change who I am today. [With my new found good looks](http://i2.listal.com/image/1507040/600full-nicolas-cage.jpg), I'm going to Steal the declaration of independence

EDIT: a word Still not use condoms.  There's no way you could get someone pregnant at 14 twice. Call my 9 year-old future wife and tell her not to cheat on her future husband. Honestly, as tempting as this is for anyone to jump on, including myself, I  wouldn't take this opportunity if it was a choice.

Why not?  I must be crazy to not do it.  Yes, you're probably right; however, I have my reasons and I'll explain them if you read on.

Imagine you were in a situation where you extremely comfortable with, perhaps playing a sport, a game like chess or a subject where you could easily dominate.  For me, it's basketball, so I'll use that.  As a 23 year old currently, if I decided to go play basketball with 13 year olds, I would destroy them and it would be no problem at all.  I would be so good that I would be called up to play in high school.  By the time I'm 17 and entering my senior year in high school, I would have been able to spend an extra 4 years just working on my game and weaknesses while dominating everybody else that was playing me.    

I imagine that is a similar feeling most of you have when you think of a situation like this.  Some of you have gone to say things like investing early so you'll make a lot of money later on, getting good grades without really trying, or talking to that girl you wished you had.  While that sounds amazing, there's something inherently sad about it - you were unable to accomplish these things when you were that age.  While I was good at basketball, I wasn't able to dominate everyone on the varsity team.  While you must have been smart and good at school, you weren't able to get a 4.0 for whatever reason you claim.  

One may argue that, investing in companies that you knew were going to do well is just smart because it will insure financial security for the future.  Well, yes, that's true, but still inherently sad.  It's sad because it wasn't you who knew this was going to happen, you were using your past experience to determine the money you were "going to make" in the future.  

None of the things you actually accomplish is good because it's not actually "you" doing it.  It's the experience you've already had that's telling you this is how you do it.  In a word, it's not honorable.  You're not honorable to yourself.  Your going to live a life where you think you were so great, but in reality, you weren't.  

Additionally, you would be living a life where the accomplishments you've had were given to you with a lot of extra time.  This time that you had to make yourself so good was something that didn't originally happen to you.  Whatever you gained was not "your" effort.  It's because the life you would have would be a lie, if not all, but a good majority of it.

Call it a baseless pride, honor, delusion, or whatever; it would be a wrong move for anyone to take advantage of.

TL;DR Respect yourself by respecting your time. Fap. Ask her out! Quit school, start having kids, live like a banished howls...or, So... like 4 years ago? I don't know, maybe be more sociable. Profit off the dot com boom, apple, crispy cream donuts.
Take more pics in Australlia and New Zealand when I was there.
Get my ass in shape and eat healthier from an earlier age.
Don't be so shy and ask out the one whom I found out recently liked me to. Nobody would try and stop 9-11?  You are all terrible people. Fuck 12 year-olds while it's still legal.
 Procrastination.. 

Hands down. Even now, here I sit on Reddit instead of finishing up a report. Lack of consistency in my personality.  I can open up to some strangers, and am horrendously shy to others.  I really just have to have one person that knows me to be charismatic and funny to meet new people and stay the same.  It gives me horrible anxiety to meet new people alone, so I have basically become a recluse, besides going to class and working. I cannot gracefully exit a conversation.   
    
I really wish it was socially acceptable to say "We're done talking now. I enjoyed it. Goodbye." I'm no good at making small talk. If I'm talking to someone about a subject I know, and they are actually showing interest I can talk all day without feeling anxious or shy. Otherwise I'm just a giant ball of awkwardness and shyness.  I love too much.

EDIT: I love Pringles too much. Defeatist attitude and a lack of confidence.

"oh, she'd never go for me."

"it won't work out, so why bother trying." 

These are the types of idiotic thought I have on a regular basis.  I'm essentially incapable of taking constructive criticism without getting a little (and sometimes a LOT) pissed off about it.  Even when it's presented in a respectful way, and I KNOW it's good advice, I still get irritated.  The worst part is that I know it's a problem, but have been unable to fix it. The fact that i always tell people i want the best for them, but secretly i want everyone to fail so that i feel better about myself.  Fantastic self image, but suffer from social awkwardness. I am very risk-averse.  It keeps me out of trouble, but it also keeps me from taking advantage of opportunities. It is pretty much impossible for me trust an SO. Even if they have never done anything to lead me to believe that they are unfaithful to me. My EX of 3 1/2 years cheated on me three times during our relationship and pretty much destroyed my trust with women. My current SO is a wonderful girl and I like everything about her. I still don't trust her with guys, period. I'm lazy. I get really defensive if I feel I've been wronged or misunderstood. I get attached to people easily. I like to tell people that their opinions are flawed and wrong; aka I play devil's advocate even when I shouldn't. I tell employers it's my "perfectionism"... In reality, my biggest flaw is how paranoid I am! I'm a happy, easygoing, fun-loving, carefree, friendly, adventurous, optimistic, caring and lovable guy...

*if everything is going my way.* So I have 2 that go together 

  1) If I see someone that has a weird face, I will almost immediately try to mimic it. I don't know why, and I sometimes don't even know I'm doing it right away. 

  2) I like to point. 

  So if I'm with someone I'll be like "hey look at that person over there" * point * and * copies their face * 
 
 **Complete lack of confidence** even though I have taken steps to improve it.   Get in great shape? to embarrassed to show it off... Really know a subject being discussed in class? dead silent. I'm the only one who acknowledges my good bits, no one else does, so I think I am full of shit when I am probably not. I'm so detached. I love people, and love loving people, and love having people love me, but when a relationship with a friend or an SO ends, I'm not distraught. It frightens me because it makes me think that none of my relationships have been real and that I'm wasting my time with everyone. I'm an asshole. I don't mean in an endearing way, or in a way that could be misconstrued as confidence. I am a mean person, angry at how lonely I am and taking it out on everyone around me, which makes me more alone. The worst is that I know it, and despite my efforts I can't be fucking nice and make friends. The pure, unadulterated asshole in me is too strong.

Fuck me. I need a drink... I'm not very good at lying.  I don't even mean like the big lies, I even mean little white lies.  

"Hey, you did a really good job on that presentation, Johnson!"  
*Fuck, there's no way that was convincing.*

"Hey, that's a good mockup of the emulation displays, Alvarez!"
*Dammit, I know he can tell that I don't give a shit.*

"No, I'm not only talking to you to try to sleep with you."
*Can she tell that I'm only staring at her chest?  Probably.* I work *too* hard.  Nice try boss. I may or may not 'exaggerate' the details a little bit too much. ["I work too hard. I care too much. And sometimes I can be too invested in my job."](http://flavorwire.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/michael1.jpg) I am impatient and arrogant, I believe that I am smarter, stronger, and more insightful than the average person. I can be an asshole and that has often come back to bite me in the ass a time or two. 

Hard to charge and I'm only 29, feels like I'm so set in my ways. Perhaps I should add stubborn as well.  I over-analyze things to the point where I'm living in my head most of the time. This has affected the relationship I had with the girl I feel I want to marry to the point where she had to break up with me because I was too "closed-off." This problem tends to go away when I start drinking as I become more outgoing. I've been working on trying to fix this so that I don't have to resort to alcoholism in order to talk and be lively. I find it extremely difficult to seek help.  Whether it is a project that is nearing a deadline, or financial assistance, or personal(perhaps mental) issues that I should probably talk to someone about.  
My pride in doing things for myself prevents me from ever asking anyone for assistance.  My family is often hurt because they are often very generous in offering help and in my pride I usually turn them away. I have no self confidence and an abysmal work ethic I hate people. I got into the medical field thinking I liked them, but really I just like the science of it.  I really don't like people. They're awful. I always think people are disappointing in me or they don't like me. I also think that people dislike me not being affected by awkward silences. I love silence, and people around me sometimes don't know how to respond appropriately.  I have really bad social anxiety.  That some days I just don't want to do anything so I take the day off from college classes.

My major involves a lot of stress and sometimes you can't deal with it,  so I just disappear for a day or so  I'm too sexy for my love


I'm too sexy for my shirt

too sexy for Milan, New York and Japan

I'm too sexy for my car

Too sexy by far

I'm too sexy for my cat

And I'm too sexy for this ~~song~~ thread  I help out every family member that has needed it, and every single time it ends up biting me in the ass some how.  Like letting them live with us, then they end up not doing anything at all, or loaning money and pretty much kissing it goodbye while handing it away.  One day I'll learn. I have the ability to see my flaws but not do anything to fix them
 lazy I take my mistakes way to seriously, don't matter if it's a minor thing or not, I get really upset and start to shut down emotionally. It almost turned me to suicide before realising that I needed help. I've been in therapy for 2 months now, I can't see much of a difference yet though.

The irritating thing is that I know that everything I say to myself is complete bullshit and that nobody cares besides me. 
But that don't stop me from thinking that I suck and is a complete fuckup repetedly for a few hours afterwards.

It stops me from doing just regular stuff, just going to the shops is hard since I need to be decently dressed, but I don't dare to buy clothes since I can't see if it looks good on me or not.

It's kinda like an OCD, but instead of having clean hands or checking that everything is turned off at home, I can't make mistakes.
 My incessant public masturbation.

I can whack it in a house,

I can whack it on a mouse,

I can whack it here or there,

I can whack it anywhere.

I'm like the [Bear Grylls ](http://i.imgur.com/GPJb6mQ.png) of whacking it.
 Listening to everyone's problems and holding secrets people would tell no one else. I am glad I can be a Pandora's box for my friends, but the shit I know could ruin friendships and families and whatnot. It is paranoia inducing to know you hold so many potentially chaotic facts. I am the defacto guy for people to dump their issues on and my inability to say no is my biggest flaw.  I can't decide between:

* Inability to read social cues particularly non-verbal communication.

* Lack of self confidence/depression.

* Challenges controlling the tone/volume of voice without extreme concentration.

* Having to concentrate when I eat food so that I am not noisy.

* Sweating when I walk as if it were a workout, even though I not overweight or out of shape.

* Smelling bad at inopportune/random times even if I follow a rigorous hygiene schedule (which includes at least daily showers). I can go weeks without a problem, then it becomes a problem.

* Problems doing simple math. I'm really, really ugly. I think ahead too often. Usually when it comes to romance and stuff like that. Deciding to not ask people out because it'll probably not work out.  I care too much about what people think.   I worry about money too much.  My social skills, or lack thereof. No matter how much I dislike a person, it still saddens me if they dislike me, and I hate myself for that. I am obsessed with pop culture to the point where its pretty much all I know how to have conversations about.  I'm insecure yet judgmental, and pretty much my whole thought process is either hypocritical or contradictory. I sweat like a motherfucker. It never, ever stops. I dread formal occasions and Chicago summers.  I can't see jack shit. I'm a teenager and over a year i went from a -3.25 prescription to a -4.25 prescription. There is quite a difference between the two.That or the fact i masturbate to much When I poop, my dick falls in the water. No self-confidence and have an addictive personality.   My biggest flaw would be me expecting too much from myself. In school, in real life and in pretty much everything I do. And if something goes wrong it boggles my mind for way too long. I am just never content with myself, and I can never feel good. Oh, and not to mention getting a 99% on a test....  Ugh I'm very lazy. I love down time. I sometimes neglect the things I should be doing for lazy time. I'm doing it right now. I'm absurdly arrogant, like to the point where I'm arrogant about my own arrogance. It sucks because I never have to work to do well in school, and I want to be more humble, but I just can't find a reason to be. I get really upset when I get 90% on assignments because I know I can do better, and then I got called out for complaining. What's worse is that I just don't know how to not be cocky. I don't know how to try and derogate myself without sounding even more arrogant. (eg. "I'm such an idiot! I only got a 90%!") Luckily, I have a friend who's even more arrogant than I am, but that's a story for another day. When I try to compare myself to other people, which is a habit I try to avoid, but when I do, I almost invariably find myself coming out on top, except for this one kid, but again, a story for another day. Somehow most of smart friends don't come off as cocky, but instead as humble, and yet no matter what I try to say, I sound like an arrogant asshole. I try to joke about how arrogant I am, and how it's not a problem because I play it off like a joke, but it's hard to look in the mirror and say it's a problem when I do really well in school and in life. Even now I sound like an arrogant ass... so my biggest flaw is that I'm a conceited prick. Addiction. Narcissism. I struggle with thinking everything is about me. If someone shows me less attention than I think they should it really hurts my feelings. As a result of this I have very few friends.  My addictive personality. 

And here I am on Reddit, again. I'm a cynic to such a degree that no one is trustworthy. I don't think everyone is "out to get me" or anything, but I inherently assume every word out of anyone's mouth is a lie, and they're only saying whatever will directly benefit them the most. constantly doubting myself, which leads to a fear of failing, which leads to laziness, which leads to feeling like i'm not good enough for anybody - Require high fat diet

- Can't properly digest fat

Cystic Fybrosis is a bitch sometimes I'm a male and cry when ever I talk or think about real serious stuff Im gullible as fuck with strangers, but hardly believe anything a loved one says... My biggest flaw is that I've spent so long perfecting a mask of happiness that I don't know how to be. How to just relax with people I trust and not feel empty. It might be a trust thing, but I can`t even open up to myself. 

Feels good to get that off my chest though... My lack of motivation. Hi, nice to meet yo- I love you. Honesty.  There is a huge difference between what I know and what I actually believe. My inability to socialize. I'm very blunt.   I need to know the answers of everything that comes across my way, it's slowly destroying my long-time relationship. Over analyze absolutely everything  I don't really feel motivated. My life isn't exactly in the greatest of places socially or in terms of education, and it makes me wonder where my life is going. Doesn't help with being a teenager in a society that pressures teenagers into doing things they don't want to do. In contrast to some people "not giving a fuck", I.. have so many fucks to give :( I'm both impulsive and obsessive.  Being unable to make up my mind about important decisions

I say this while sitting in front of me is a list of good and bad qualities about my ex-girlfriend who wants to get back in a relationship with me.  The list didn't help, I still don't know what to do. I'm too nice. I'll go out of my way for people who don't deserve it.   I sometimes say the wrong things at the wrong time.Ex- I don't like babies very much, I hear someone say something about a baby and I will tell my friends I don't really care for babies and then turn around to find someone with a baby like right there  Every bump, ache, or illness makes me think I have cancer or some other deadly disease.  Procrastination and a bad temper. my bluntness. I end up spilling stuff I shouldn't apparently.  I overthink EVERYTHING, as I was writing this I stopped myself a few times before clicking save Isn't everyone's flaw just being themselves?  I mean having flaws is what makes each individual person who we are. Our flaws are what makes us perfect. My anxiety takes a hold of me.

Every time I start thinking about shaving my neck beard and finally leaving my parents basement on a quest to get a job and lose my virginity, I start having panic attacks.  

I quickly run back to Reddit to numb the pain away hoping tomorrow will be better. Procrasst...eh, I'll finish typing that later. My stutter Helping people with their problems gives me an excuse to not pay so much attention to my own problems. At the same time I'm kind of attracted to crazy. I think I have some of all of these flaws..everything I read is like--"Ooo me too!" I trust people way too easily. I avoid conflict far too much.  It's sabotaging my life to be so afraid of it. 

That, and I'm the nicest bitch you'll ever meet.  Everyone thinks I'm nice.  In fact when I point out that I'm not really nice, people will stop, stare, and laugh at me incredulously.  I then proceed to talk about them behind their backs to others. But if they found out I talked about them and they felt hurt by it, it'd break my own heart.  If only my personality could choose nice *or* bitch. Doormat. I know when I should say something but I just have to please everyone. Whenever I imagine things, I act it out (albeit seriously muted) in real life. Like, if I laugh in my imagination, I smile like a fucking looney in real life. I interrupt people more often than I'd like. I just don't want to forget what I was going to say, and I want the person I'm conversing with to know that I'm still interested. I also want to add more to the conversation to make it even more interesting.  I am incapable of asking for help, I refuse to even in situations where I know I need it most. It's not that I'm to much of a "macho-man" and I don't think I need it, but rather I'm afraid to ask for it, I don't know why though. I'm shy, anxious, and have zero confidence Anxiety as well as a crippling case of low self esteem :p The way I look at life..."Life is simple."

Works wonders for me but a lot of people get annoyed, especially when they ask for advice.  So in the end its a flaw I would never ever change, but damn some people really dislike the fact I can look at life that way(or something).


In the end I guess I don't think of it as a flaw, but I know other people look at me and think that.  Does this count?

 Gifting too much reddit gold. I'm too nice to people, even when they're horrible to me. 
 I can't hide my emotions. If I'm upset, annoyed, skeptical, whatever, it doesn't matter, my facial expression gives it away instantly.  I obviously don't make my living playing poker. I think my head tilts off to the side which probably exaggerates my facial asymmetricism(this is a word now if it wasn't) but nobody has ever said anything about it and if I ask I subconsciously straighten up. 

And that's why I'm single.  I am very paranoid sometimes, even for the smallest things. inability to sympathize with others in a situation i overcame.  I know sometimes shit just don't work out for people, but fuck man... if i could do it, you can. It's not enough that I win, other people have to lose. I have no fun playing recreational games like ultimate frisbee if the other team isnt trying their hardest, or if they are just fooling around.

If nobodies taking it seriously I dont want to play. Whenever someone is asking a friend about something that I where included in, or know something about, I will always start telling it for them. And when I´m done, I think to myself "What the fuck am I doing? They weren't asking me? I must be one annoying turd.."  I always compare everyone else's problems/life stories to my own. I am really trying to stop though. As in I don't just think, I am very vocal about it. I talk way to fucking much.  I kind of think I am superior compared to the people I meet. I know I am not, but I think I am. I believe that it subconsciously affects how i treat other people, something I think is a great flaw. My biggest flaw? Probably that I'm a bit of a twat to be honest, I know this. I just find it hard to fix.  That I focus way too much on my outer appearance. As soon as I read this question I started thinking about everything I was disappointed with physically wise. Then upon reading the responses it kind of dawned on me. Basically, I'm uber sensitive. I'm in high school (and a guy), and if a teacher ever brought me outside to 'talk' I know I would start tearing up. I'm a terrible listener. I interrupt people... 

 I have an addictive personality. i'm overweight. i've always been overweight, even when i was younger, but never "grew out of it" like a lot of kids do. i've also always been the tallest girl in my class, and i think it's really shaped my self-perception. i know that i'm funny and smart, and i have friends and am really easy to get along with, but i can't make myself change. it's like i have it in my head that i've always been this way so what's the point in exercising or trying to change my appearance?

deep down i know that if i were thinner i'd look great. i have very nice features and a very symmetrical face, but there's a mental block that i will always be "ugly" because of my weight and therefore no one will ever really love me. Pride. Watching breaking bad (believe it or not) has really given me perspective. I've also had some very "shameful" experiences recently (most namely not getting into my desired college). Incidentally , I just watched avatar the last air bender and heard the quote "Shame is not the opposite of pride, but it's source." Again, schooled by television. However, I'm hopeful for the future now because I know what I need to do to better myself. I just need to be more humble. It's almost impossible for me not to be kind and generous, often to the point that I put myself last -- behind people I don't really care about.

The problem is, it only brings me satisfaction if the person on the receiving end appreciates it, and sometimes puts me before them. Since most people don't reflexively think of others first, this leaves me feeling put upon and taken advantage of.

So I gotta work on being a selfish asshole instead of a passive aggressive dick. Not to sound like a piece of shit. My standards are too high, and I find flaws too easily when I sure as hell am not perfect. It pisses me off. Impatience. I'm not talking about little everyday things like waiting in traffic or the computer running slowly, but bigger life events or relationships. I like to get things done well and quickly, without too much faff. I have a hard time accepting that certain things might take more time than I can give them. It's not that I don't *want* to give these things time, it's that I am driven to the brink of insanity whenever I have to wait longer than I feel is necessary. For example, I often end up going in guns blazing with guys I like as I can not wait around like a damsel in distress hoping to be asked out. So I ask them out or I make the first move, which I am usually comfortable doing, which my friends all think is a big mistake as I should let them chase me. Well fuck that passive shit, guys have a hard enough time with women as it is, can we not try to make progress towards a little gender equality at least at the beginning of the relationship? I'm not going to wait in my castle praying for a prince to rescue me. I can slay the dragon myself and then ask you out for drinks by the end of the day. We're only young once, now kiss me!

So yeah, impatience. I can be condescending if I think your opinion/view is stupid as fuck, or you contradict yourself in some way. 

I suck at being personal. I remember my ex-gf telling me something personal, and I laughed. She cried, I felt awful and stayed quiet the rest of the night. i have zero trust in people. when i do have to put some trust in someone i automatically assume itll fall through and ill have to do it myself. this is also a benefit sometimes, for instance one of my friends needs help and ill volunteer because i doubt anyone else will. it makes me a better person in that sense i guess So this will definitely get lost but I thought, what the hell lets's give it a go. 

So definitely one of my biggest flaws is how competitive I am. I don't know if it's a male thing, you know testosterone and such, but every now and then something that is brought in conversation, I always have to one up it. I don't do it often but it does show up. I have to say something about how I have done this too, sneak in how I have done it better and/or tell my own better version of a similar story. Not in a douchey way, I will make it sound modest, but I know I am doing it. It definitely has to do with my need to be the best. I have to be the most successful. Like I have to prove something. It annoys me so much that I do it. 

Another way it is prevalent is in activities, I have to be one of the best at a specific activity or I hate it that activity. Video games, sports(which is why I hate a lot of sports) and yeah drinking(sometimes). If I am not good at it, but its something a lot of friends take part in. I have to get better at it. Not to put other people down. But rather make me enjoy it more.

God, the more I read this the more I realize how big of an asshole I am. Definitely one of my worst flaws.

Relationships are also not fun when it comes to my competitive side. I am not so much of asshole when it comes to conversation. But when other men, or ex-boyfriends are brought up. I suddenly become an animal, a rabid wolf. Anything they can do, I can do better. If not, I will learn to do it better. I will voice this opinion, generally making me look look like a gigantic dong.  

It has to do with me wanting to the best person to my SO. I want to be perfect for them. Better than any other man. Which I suppose is good in some ways but terrible in others(refer to the dong part).

This competitiveness, I see as childish and almost barbaric. I like to blame it on instinct. As I said, testosterone and such. It comes with its good sides too. Gives me motivation. I am a sportsman, that competitive nature drives me to win.  Drives me to be successful, to make something of myself.

I think it all comes down to more of not wanting to be the "loser". To be seen as a lazy, good for nothing piece of shit. I want to impress people. Show them what I am capable of and such. I am getting less competitive with age and learning to enjoy myself more and not care what people think or who has the better story/achievement.So I suppose hopefully with time I will become less of an asshole. 

TL;DR: Being competitive sucks, but sometimes has its upsides.
 my insecurity and lack of self confidence. Absolutely zero self esteem. I've basically been living in my own world for most of my life because of this. I don't engage in any serious personal relationships and all my friends are really just people who aren't strangers. I might receive or send a text to them once or twice a month. 

It's really hard to do anything when you have a low opinion of yourself, especially when you're like me and overly analytical and can't find any redeeming qualities in yourself, so you end up feeling justified in the belief that you're pretty worthless as a human being (and I do). 

People always talk about having a lot of self confidence and I can't help but realize that they have it because people have given them cause to believe it. Its easy to be social and interact and put yourself in a position to be judged when everyone you meet tells you how great you are. 

When your life has been solitude and rejection having any measure of self confidence is impossible. When you don't have a specific trait or skill to distinguish you in any meaningful way you end up feeling pretty mediocre about everything as well. People say not to compare yourself to others, but that's a load of shit too. I don't want to *get* better I want to *be* better. I don't give two turtle shits about being better at something. 

I've never been able to be satisfied with mediocrity and I've never found anything where I perform above the average. 

Usually if I get myself worked up about what a piece of shit I am I can usually at least get some studying done. Guess I'll go back to doing that. Maybe I'll be above the class average on the test this time.  Extremely angry drunk.  I have a hard time making conversation with girls I find it hard to believe that anyone is as smart as me. Well at least anyone I might actually meet, random internet people and public figures I can quite easily accept might be smarter than me. Im a coward who runs from my personal problems rather than dealing with them. 
 I get over attached to everything and everyone. I don't show it but If I have a friend who stops talking to me I get emotionally distraught and it's terrible.

When my daughter goes to college I'll probably go insane. Due to family problems I fall in love extremely easily. I want to get married and settle down not just for the fancy dress, big rock of a ring or big party. I want to actually feel like i'm apart of a real family. Of course I never put pressure on the person whom i'm dating. I just get really insecure really fast because I want things to work out so badly, just so I can feel whole finally. I don't like being told what to do. I don't like conforming. I am socially awkward. I procrastinate. Shall I keep going? I really feel depressed without any sort of social interaction, but I often work my best when I'm alone.

Gotta be careful, otherwise it could turn into some kind of downward spiral. My need for validation and inability to except that I am below average at everything. My mind is like fucking putty. I could read an article and be like, "That was a good read, I'd recommend it to a friend." Then I'll see the article on reddit with a title like, "This fucking guy...," or something and I'd be "You know what, you're right, fuck that guy." Every time. I get attached to women easily. literally. I look at a woman, pop a boner, and think "god damn, she'd make the perfect wife."

so infuriating. I get crazy ambitious and ahead of myself WAY too easily. It gets annoying because I can't do anything without overdoing it and end up being way in over my head. Which can be annoying because I rush everything, too. I feel like if I don't do everything now I will never have the opportunity to. I rush way too much for my age. I don't like taking pictures to take them or thinking about the past much.  I don't know if this is a flaw, but everybody seems to think so. If I think I'm smarter than someone, I have a hard time believing anything they say.

If I think someone is smarter than me, I have a hard time questioning anything they say. 

I've tried to get better as I've gotten older, but it still lingers. I hate it. Sat here for 3 minutes thinking of one. Can't come up with just one, so, I would say: mistrusting. eccentric. blunt to the point of discomfort. easily annoyed. harsh. unloving to the point of having very few actual relationships Not sure.   But I suspect it is the reason I'm single.  And I wish I knew how I could find out. I have absolutely no drive to succeed in school. It's so bad that I hardly even turn anything in class in. I tell myself I'll finish it at home, yet never do. Even though I come rely understand and want to do my work, that drive for success just isn't there. 
    I've been pretty severely depressed for the last couple of years now and I think that is really what's affecting me. I attempted suicide twice and have been sent to facilities for it twice as well. I feel like I won't live long enough to finish high school so why try? Part of me thinks that and the other thinks I should try, however the bad side is much bigger. 
    I'm well aware of subs like /r/suicidewatch and other suicide/depression subreddits. I don't feel like I WILL do it. I just feel like it's going to just happen to me. One day I'll just snap and do it, but I'm getting WAY off topic. 
 I over think everything, and make up scenarios that will never happen in my head and then I have out of this world anxiety about it.  It's a tie between three.

I give up very easily, I can't talk about emotions and I can and sometimes will stop all contact with you because I am bored. I have Daily Chronic Headaches, so most of the time I am an irritable asshole. 

I'm actually a really empathetic person and can usually suck it up, especially when I meet new people just so I don't make a bad first impression, but a lot of the times it's hard to push through it. When I get mean I immediately feel bad after the fact, but in the moment I couldn't give a fuck. I usually just end up avoiding people so I don't have to feign my happiness. Apathy. My hands are way more wrinkly than they should be. I have the hands of a 40+ year old in my 20s I am impossible to please and I have to be the best at everything. I took up running/jogging a few years ago and it bugs me so much that I can't run as fast as other people. Especially men because they're built to be faster and my little female legs can't keep up. 

I'm the same with grades. I take it so personally when I don't do well in an exam or an assignment. It drives people nuts when I give out about it!

But hey, nobody's perfect :)
 So if you look at the actions I've taken regarding my relationships to other people you'll see that I've done some really helpful things. I've been there for people when no one else was, comforted people I barely know because no one else would and a bunch of other things like that. You'll also see I've done a bunch of truly despicable things, toyed with people's emotions, manipulated people (~~even~~ especially people really close to me) to get whatever the hell I want on any given day (get people I really have no interest in to fall in love with me, like actually head over heels, butterflies in the stomach and then hang them out to dry. I don't even do it for the sex, I do it for the sense of control). I don't even usually realize I'm doing it at the time, but when I look back on it, it becomes very clear I was essentially just fucking with their head for no other reason than I could. So in a perverse way, a pretty normal person, there's some good, some bad. After all we all have things we can be really proud of and other things we can be really ashamed of right?

Well here's the thing, the latter is my 'default' setting. Every single time I've done 'the right thing' or actually helped someone who needed it, it has been a huge act of will/conscious effort to do so. My natural inclination is to be the most manipulative and destructive person I know. I'm more or less a sociopath with a peculiar propensity to do something good every now and then. Half the time this is a source of absolute terror, because I want to be a good person, while other times it's a sick sense of pride because I've *never* met anyone nearly as good at it as I am.

So yeah, that's probably my biggest flaw. Low self-esteem. Logically, I know I am physically attractive, athletic, and intelligent. But I can't bring myself I actually believe in any of those things.  I tend to be overly sensitive to almost everything and have a hard time trusting people. Impatience. I'm actually a genuinely nice person, but I come off as a bitch a lot when I have to wait for things. It's a terrible quality.  Always doing the bare minimum and somehow managing to slip by without being called out. What scares me is I know this can't work forever. filled with an insane rage that threatens constantly to destroy me I am an overly attached girlfriend. I am jealous, emotional and I put so much emphasis on relationships and love that I neglect other aspects of my life. It's my dream to be married to someone for 50 years and grow old together, to be woo'ed and taken care of, and to return that favour. But in still in my 20's and while I know that most people aren't thinking about that at my age, but I can't get past it. I try and change, but in every relationship I revert into the same girl whom just expects so much, and reacts adversely when her expectations aren't met. I'm pretty selfless. I am always putting other people above myself and I don't do anything for myself. My counselor says that one of the reasons for my financial situation and also a quite large stressor.  I can't get anything done unless/until I absolutely have to. My jealousy. Ruined a relationship with a girl I was planning purposing to in a year on a trip to Ireland. Granted we didn't have a great foundation to our relationship. I can go more into detail if anyone wants to give me advice with jealousy. I really can't handle confrontations at all and it's caused me to unintentionally burn a lot of bridges.

-I've quit several jobs by just not showing up anymore and not answering phone calls.

-I've ruined friendships over stupid things because I just cut off all contact instead of talking about the issue. And the longer I go without talking to them, the less I feel like talking to them is even a viable option anymore


 I don't know how to have fun. I hate dancing, don't take trips, don't break routine, don't understand why people like the flashing lights or vices of vegas, etc. It's kept me out of a lot of trouble, but also has made life very boring.  I am too cautious when it comes to girls. I can hang out, touching and stuff is fine, but I never kiss them...I'm always way too worried I'd fuck it up by trying. Not against risks and stuff, I can grab a girl for a one night stand and all that, but when it comes to kissing a girl I have remote feelings for...I just can't.  I feel like I have a ridiculous amount of potential to do some awesome things as I grow older and become smarter, but I am too lazy to act on them. I don't like hanging out with large groups of people, but I feel left out when I'm not invited to hang out with large groups of people. Not being able to memorize much of anything and my horrible procrastination. Im too quiet and barely ever start a conversation I have the ability to push people away without touching them I get excited when I meet someone I like, or that I hit it off with, and proceed to be overly familiar. I know it overwhelms people but I just get so excited! Outrageous jealousy and ability to not care about getting work done Jealousy, I seriously can't help it. I try to ignore this feeling and..I just can't help feeling it, even if it isn't something that's not a big deal. 
Boyfriend's girl friends to my friends hanging out without me. It's a tearing feeling that makes me extremely stressed. I'm the fourth person here to admit about being over-analytical.  It works great professionally, since I deal with federal regulations that require me to fine-tooth and comb everything.  However, this also leads me to question the motivations behind anybody that asks for something or makes a simple statement.  It's not an impairment where I'm incapable of making decisions, nor is it crippling where I cannot get out of bed in the morning.  

**TL;DR**  A cigar is *not* just a cigar. I'm too sensitive - I wear my emotions on my sleeve and whenever I experience rejection, it depresses me for days...especially with relationships.  Professionally, I can accept about 80% of rejection because often times I know it's the other person or company making a mistake, but in relationships or when dating someone, I feel as if it's me not doing something right or not living up to the other person's expectations.  

Funny thing is, I can play the dating game all day long..I know how to create tension, make a woman feel a certain way that makes her want me more.  Reject her before she rejects me...but I quickly lose interest in that...I have taken to casting aside those bullshit "games/methods" and have been trying to be upfront and let my guard down, but it seems like everytime I do, it never works out and affects me personally...I need to learn to let those emotions roll off my back and not be so sensitive...but it's easier said than done.

Sorry for the rant, but I feel like it's truly one of my bigger flaws. I can't seem to keep anything in my head, not that I don't have a good memory but tasks and everyday things fall out of my head like they were never there.  I just can't seem to keep my mind from steamrolling them with other thoughts on what I'm going to do or how I can fix things.   There for awhile, caring. I cared too much for people. I'd do anything for a complete stranger. Well, as you all can surely imagine, that backfired a couple times.

Now, I don't care. That's now my biggest flaw, because it never paid off once before. Paying it forward never led to anyone paying it forward for me. Not that I'm selfish, people just wouldn't do the same for me as I would for them.  I can't say no. I *have* to buy games or consoles to just look at them. Not even play them, just to have them. I am really wanting a Vita, but I know I wont really play anything. I just need to waste that $200 have it. My addictive personality and inability to function without a basic routine. When I start doing something I do it everyday at the same time. 

I also have the wonderful trait of being self-destructive in my endeavors. Every relationship and every thing that is good for me. It may not happen immediately but it always does.  Speaking. Speech impediment. It amazes me how people can talk for long periods of time without tripping over there words. I want to believe. I have low self esteem, lack of confidence and no motivation at all(school).
I also have no fucking clue where I'm going with this boring repetive life. I tend to over think and over complicate many situations. I always try to find the worse in everybody including myself. I get too damn attached and close to people.  And I think guys and girls can just be friends... Mostly, that's not true.  I haven't been getting help for my PTSD and anger problems. I'm 16 I really just don't care, I sit here and let life go on. TIL a lot of people on reddit hate themselves :( I have no motivation to do anything. Nothing seems worth the time and effort to me. It's going to get me fired from my job, but I find myself not giving a shit. I over think everything... :( I frequently have liquid diarrhea  I talk to much  I'd have to say apathy. Of course there is also a mild addiction to cookies. I talk too much. When I decide that a girl is attractive, she instantly becomes my number 1 "objective" in my social life. I try to tweak my schedule and conversations and everything to try to be around her and/or make an impression on her. I feel paranoid that I become a little obsessed, and thankfully I haven't creeped out too many girls so far... Most recently I have noticed I get extremely jealous when I have a very social girlfriend. Actually I never had to much of a problem until I got cheated on.  I don't know what to do. Every time I fart, I shit my pants at least a little bit.  Shyness... by far my weakest point Inability to be vulnerable.

 It's a tossup of 2

First is I just can't allow myself to be happy for another human being.. Even if they rationally deserve it and don't even brag about it i'll say "well done, happy for you" or something along those lines but inside i'll just want them to be hit by a bus. I'm so bitter and i hate it.

The other is that i'm way too opinionated. I'll end up getting into full blown arguments with people that i really like because they're wrong and i'm right about something as trivial as illusionists being mostly camera tricks and paying people off whereas magicians if they want to be really good have to work incredibly hard to get their tricks just right. Just my opinion but it's almost come to blows a couple of times. a few of my friends even purposely say something dumb because they know it'll get a nice long rant out of me. it's really dumb and i need to calm down. I change my mind too often. No matter how carefree I look and sound to others I always wonder what EVERYBODY is thinking about me all the time I suffer from a severe depression but refuse to seek treatment because it's a treatment-resistant kind of depression I have a problem with guilt. I always feel guilty over EVERYTHING. Shit that doesn't even have anything to do with me. For example: when I was a teenager my brother was upset with my mom and moved out to live with my dad. It broke my mom's heart and for some reason I'm the one that felt guilty. I have been like this for as long as I can remember. It sucks. I care too much about others. 

Probably doesn't sound like a flaw but I have put others needs (who didn't deserve me helping them) in front of my own several times and it always ends up hurting me. Trying to get better at it.  High anxiety. I worry about things that I logically know aren't real problems or aren't actually happening. I have awful self esteem.  It's not like I'm unattractive, I've just never had anyone sincerely appreciate who I am in a "non friendship" way.  Being bullied every day for being a nerd doesn't help.  There are too many to choose from. I'm very emotionally sensitive and anytime my friends tell me they aren't doing well I feel the full weight of their negativity / sadness drop on my shoulders and I don't know how to get rid of it. It can bring me down for days or weeks at a time. I wish I could just listen to them and help them feel better instead of crumpling up :( I have a slight lisp. Not like I pronounce "S" like "TH", but I say them out the side of my mouth I am a very jealous person. I rarely act on it and it doesn't really affect my life but I am constantly wishing I had what someone else has or possessed personality traits of people around me.

I'm working on it though I'll start a project, get a great deal of the way through, but never seem to fi I overlook other people's flaws. Sometimes when I'm explaining something, I can't process it into words, it fucking sucks. I can be condescending. That means I talk down to people. I over-think and over-analyze  everything. Biggest flaw is that I hate myself. I know what I want in life and how to achieve it but I always believe that I'm not worth it to bother trying and go back to being a miserable, unhealthy, sad-sack. This goes into all aspects of my life, such  as working out, relationships, etc. 

I guess my other biggest is being terrified of being alone. I live to give, but never to myself.
 That I can relate to alot of these posts -_- Self Criticism, hands down Jesus himself could come tell me i did something well and i'd still find a flaw in it and try to make it better.  I am my own worst enemy. I have blown many opportunities in my life because I'm so afraid of failure. It feels weird finally seeing this in writing.  It's hard for me to get willingly involved in life. I really like stuff when it's at a distance, but when I'm actually doing it I'm just waiting until it's over. This goes with everything, too. It's not even an expectations thing, I just get tired of stuff very quickly. I care too much I care too much about things and then try too hard to make everything perfect. My need for appreciation and acceptance from others (i.e. friends, s/o, boss) without appreciation of myself. 
 Never waking up on time I get walked on because I can't be mean to people  I'm really lazy. It's not even procrastination because I could do it if I wanted to and I'm not putting it off. I acknowledge I got stuff to do and the repercussions for not doing it and choose to ignore it. I over-think way too much. The amount of brainpower I burn over small things while frozen over just taking action is ridiculous. I feel like I've accomplished lots of things, but never really get to doing them. It just feels like I have because I've weighed them in hundred of different scenarios a hundred of times over in my head. -_- Thus begins a giant cycle...of hell. Sometimes it feels like I can't differentiate what I have actually done or what I imagined. That is how badly I circle at times.

Typing that out just made me worry about how crazy I must sound. *Proceeds to retype the response over and over while imagining everyone's reaction to each individual version* Procrastina..wait a blue link I smoke WAYYYYY too much weed. self-reliance  I am borderline narcissistic. It is both a flaw and a strength. In the professional world, my ability to run in headstrong and just assume I won't be wrong is a great thing. It has served me well.

Alternately, I can be a dick. It greatly limits my continued connections to people. I am extremely extrovertive on a very limited basis. I love being around people but I tend to always see people as being not as good/smart/whatever as I am. I love me sometimes too much.  Clicking on and answering askreddits like this I worry about things that don't really matter. I work too hard. I care too much. And sometimes I can be too invested in my job. I cannot take compliments at all. I always feel there is some underlying motive for someone when they compliment me.  Because I'm so accustomed to writing essays and giving presentations, I tend to speak in a way that people either love or hate. I have people who tell me that they love listening to me speak, and I also have people who tell me that talking to me makes them feel stupid and I've had a few people be not too please about it. It led to a few problems with my now ex-girlfriend.  I don't have confidence in anything I do...it's not a fun life Procrastination mixed with perfectionism. 
You can see how this is a very bad mix. I don't start a project till late and at that point I won't be able to realize my vision of what it should be... so I'm constantly disappointed by my work.  I worry. I worry about big stuff, I worry about little stuff, I always think in terms of the worst case scenerio, even though I know there is nothing I can do to control any of it.  It makes it a little hard to relax sometimes.  I'm judgmental. There's this girl in my Linguistics class who seems like she's nice, but I'm still pretty disgusted by the fact that she always smells like smoke when she comes to class.  I suck at being alone, I crave affection so I am constantly dating women I don't even like. I broke up with someone two weeks ago and already went on two dates. I need to learn how to be happy by myself.  I over-think everything, and when something good comes my way, I find a way to make it negative. 

The few times I didn't over-think a good situation, those are the best times of my life.  I'm too judgmental. I recently realized that/why this was a problem and I'm trying to fix it, but it's difficult. I'm a selfish asshole.  
I'm really nice, because I enjoy helping people, but I'm doing it for myself because I enjoy it... I have a few, my biggest one is being able to name them yet struggle to change it Money wise I can't hold a job for more than 2 or 3 months.

The dawning realization that I'm essentially a wage slave wasting the limited time I have on this planet doing something menial and unfulfilling ... it makes me feel so shitty and trapped.

Just the whole concept of working/jobs to survive just feels so unnatural like we aren't meant to be doing this shit.  I lose interest in things when I get moderately proficient in them. I enjoy the difficulty of a learning curve.  If you vent to me about something that has happened to you or you're going through, I try to relate to you by telling you something similar that I went through. 

I feel annoying by doing this but sometimes I just don't know what to say and want you to know I can relate!!!   I become really irritated and feel like is a huge battle for me to talk whenever I'm hungry. My girlfriend says it alters my personality. Worst part is I sometimes get so irritated, that I refuse to get something to eat. I'm really shy but when I feel confident enough to talk I have no idea what to say, then when I think of something to say I slur my words pretty bad. I'm not very popular in any situation that doesn't involve football because I'm actually good at that. I like talking to myself when I'm alone. It's not crazy, it's just that who understands yourself better than yourself. The fact that as soon as something goes even the slightest wrong I get really grumpy. I work as a technician and whenever something goes even the slightest wrong during services we get a "mark", and as long as we're under 5.9% marks per week we're eligible for bonuses etc. but as soon as I get even one mark (even when it's my own fault) it absolutely ruins my day... 


Sometimes I wish I could just shrug and say "ok I'll do it better next time" instead of wallow in self pity. I seem to be quick to jump to conclusions about things...  Even though I know I'm guilty of that, I still seem to do it from time to time...   I have a really hard time relating that people I talk to online or drive with on the road are real people, which then brings on the road rage and nerd rage. When I'm face-to-face with people or near them in person though, I'm extremely nice and I enjoy company... I don't understand the disconnection in my brain if I can't physically see someone. My inability to maintain friendships.  I'm lazy and apathetic. Really kind of the same thing tbh.   I just don't build muscle mass OR fat... Also it's hard to remember to look people in the eyes while talking instead of glancing around the room. People can assume all kinds of things when you struggle to make eye contact in a casual conversation. I get a little obsessed over stupid things. And that slows down some other important tasks in life Being too much of an optimist when it comes relationships.

My SO an I got into a heated argument about nothing and was instigated by her? Yea, but that movie date we had a couple weeks ago was pretty nice. I'll just keep looking on the bright side. I'm ***too*** self-critical. 

I don't feel as if I can do anything right. Even when it's right, I can do better. It's beyond perfection. I self-degrade. I get stressed out over pointless things.  Plenty of things but probably the biggest is I don't like me that much Self-discipline, I have none. I can tell myself silly things like "I will not smell my own farts, I'm an adult", ten mins later I find myself, ripping a good one and smelling it like it's no tomorrow.

Same goes for bigger stuff than smelling my own fecies, like working out, quit my terrible job and so on.  complacency and procrastination to do anything about it. I hate disappointing other people, so because of this I am an insufferable pushover. I'll make sure everyone else is happy before myself. I have no self control. I'm basically incapable of doing anything if there's something I find even a little bit more interesting nearby. For instance, I'm at work right now. I'm the super jealous type. I don't think anybody knows, but I can get really angry on the inside. I can't keep a secret. And I lie when people ask if I can.
I'm ~~kind of~~ a shit friend that way.  I would say that my biggest flaw is over thinking about things! For instance, if somehow I got into an argument with someone I won't stop thinking about the cause until I reach the truth of who is to blame. I really go deep into this train of thought, so much so that sometimes I'm able to reject that person based on who I think they are from the incident, which sometimes is right on point but most of the time is wrong!  I don't have wings. My one flaw. My friends biggest flaw is that he truly believes he has no flaws. I have no social skills in a casual setting. Work? I'm fine. In Class? I'm good there. But at a party, or at a lunch with a group of people? I'm a mess. Being obsessed with things and people when they peak my interest, which does not help with relationships as I tend to come off as clingy. I've Tried fixing it but no use, panic attacks set In once I don't see the person or don't do whatever it is I am interested in for a while. I know I'm a good looking dude, but no confidence when I'm out "Biggest flaws" are typically blind spots.

So...

If you really want to know, ask your friends (and give permission to cut loose). i am so modest. like, seriously, i am the most modest person i know.  I kind of enjoy bragging about myself. Maybe I just like the attention.  I sing in the shower. Sometimes I volunteer too much. I occasionally hit people with my car, so sue me. I'm extremely dark triad I could explain it myself but it would be unable to be understood, this test I did was freakishly accurate, [these are the results and thus my biggest flaws](http://www.colorquiz.com/results.php?code=m,1,4,3,6,5,7,0,2,1,4,3,1,6,5,2,0,7,0&amp;p=full) That I have too many big flaws to just name one as my biggest flaw. I am incredibly clumsy.  I stumble a lot and when I am carrying bags, they tend to swing around and hit others.  I really hate it. Sometimes I am too awesome and people can't handle it lazy Probably not my biggest... but I can't stop bitting my finger nails Eczema. My inability to stick with anything useful.  I think I have ADHD sometimes... im fat and cant find motivation I want people to be open and honest around me but I'm too afraid to be open and honest around people. I'm a good flirt when I'm sort of into a guy, but when I REALLY like someone, instead of playing it cool, I get way too intense! My personality goes into over sassy mode, and I think I scare them off. I think I push guys away, at 24 I can live with it and accept that I have to work on it, but if I'm still single in 5 years, I won't be so happy. Lack of confidence and pro-activeness. I'm narcissistic and I love it.  I haven't been wrong since 1998.  I can't make a move and I'm terrible with women. 

I know it's cliche for Reddit. I have literally every other part of my life figured out or I'm confident about where it's heading (even if I'm not entirely sure where that is). Hell I've been told that I'm overly confident and far too positive and optimistic about everything. I'm extremely happy with myself in pretty much every facet of my life, but women... I don't know... I just suck. I have a few - 

1) I'm overly concerned for those who I like, such as my SO, Family, friends, etc. 

2) I struggle socially, I've got a lot to say and love talking to people, but 90% of the time I can't find the words, so I stay quiet. 

3) Kind of goes along with #2, people love my personality (when I show it), but I rarely ever show it, so sometimes I see people get very disappointed in me. Which in turn makes me feel disappointed that I couldn't make them happy.

4) I have like no confidence at all. For example, I'm a sax player, love to play and I'm pretty talented. In the comfort of my home with nobody listening, I can play like frickin' Charlie Parker. Put me in front of a group of people alone to solo, and I sound like a 5th grader who just started to play.  Other than being chronically lazy as fuck? I try to help anyone. I'm entirely too unassertive.  Stems from a fear of confrontation. I've been told that I work too hard. Well, sometimes my FABULOUSNESS gets in the way... also i kinda get addicted to games. One day i will try a game and the next i will play it for like 5hrs straight. Only happens once in a while though.  Lacking a passion for what I'm "good" at.

I graduated with a nearly 4.0 GPA in college in electrical engineering, but I had this mindset that if I was good at something, I should stick with it and the passion can maybe come later. I'm into my second semester in graduate school, and I still dislike my studies.

It took me way too long to figure out that being good at something isn't necessarily a good thing. Happiness can come later, I guess. I'll find the worst aspects of someone and define their character only by those things No motivation.  
It makes me easily complacent with any lifestyle I can consider comfortable, It makes me lazy, it makes me stay at a job I don't really like because I don't want to print any resumes, etc.  

This is usually met with up-beat people telling me *"just go ahead and do it! You can go and do something better with yourself!"* yet that just makes me angry. I *know* I can do better, but... I dunno. It's like when you're full and you can't eat another bite, and there's just a tiny bit of food left on your plate. You want that bit because it's delicious, filling and will give that satisfaction of completion, but your body is stopping you in any way it can. Nasty reminders of the last time, physical stimulation that says "don't do it", just *everything* it can do to stop you. I look like a cage fighter but honestly, I have the emotional fragility of a 6 year old girl...with a tummy ache. My biggest flaw is that I lack motivation, and I disguise it as procrastination.  

Start going to the gym frequently? Nah, I'll start next week. Difficult test coming up? I can study tomorrow.  Continue working on a project I started a few months ago? I'll get to it later.  Start learning a new language? I learned the alphabet for it, that's good enough for now. I let people control me. I have a hard time letting myself live my own life.  I have a LOT of flaws, but my most debilitating is this:

I get unreasonably frustrated and discouraged when things are not easy for me. The issue is compounded by the fact that most things in my life have come easily for me - my education, career, friendships, family life. The things that are difficult and/or that I have limited control over - my romantic relationship, and my effort to lose weight - consume my thoughts and the more effort I put in, the worse it seems to go. I'm average. I look average. Every size of me is average. Every skill i own I consider is average in expertise.  I honestly don't know. I'd very much like too, as it may make it easier for me to make and retain friends. But I can't seem to figure out what I do that pushes everyone away from me. I feel like I'm a friendly person, fun to be around, I can make and take jokes. But eventually, I end up with no one to talk to at all, and though I'm okay being alone, I get very lonely. My upbringing.  Cock is Waaaay too big. Lazy and self conscious.  I believe everybody will leave me, if I am not perfect. I try so hard to be what everybody needs and wants me to be that I sometimes don’t know who I really am. I am frightened of telling people what I really think and feel because I am convinced that they will reject me.  I have a crippling fear of failure. As someone who things naturally came pretty easily to growing up, having to actually work to be good at something will turn me away from something potentially awesome. 

Working on getting over this - not completely failing at that part. I don't get excited about anything any more, or depressed or angry. Just mildly happy or mildly annoyed. Really my only two emotional states. It gets more like this as I age I think.   i hide everything from everyone and like to keep things secret even if its nothing special I've noticed I withhold love from SO's because I feel inferior to them or I am so afraid of getting my heart broken. I usually do this about a year into the relationship, I turn into an overly critical person so I can feel superior and 'save' myself from really letting myself be vulnerable. Note that this does not work whatsoever and merely turns me into a bitchy vulnerable person instead. Cheers to me growing out of it someday.  My crippling insecurity.

It takes one word to make me rethink my entire physical appearance, and much less than that to reduce me to tears.

This has led to major problems with self harm and an eating disorder. I just want to be beautiful Vanity and narcissism.

I used to think I was quiet because I was shy and socially awkward. In reality, I'm not that shy. I just care immensely about how people perceive me, so I tend to not bother speaking at all.

My ego is the problem. I over-think everything. I got super-weak temples. Real easy to shatter.  Managing my time. When I find something I like, I become obsessed with it, and then I'm burned out in a week. I'm fat...no pun intended. I would say a bigger problem is that I'm lonely...but I guess that's because I'm fat? I don't get it though...I've seen many people fatter than me who have groups of friends or even a SO. It seems I'm avoided because of my weight or possibly because I'm ugly. I guess weight just suits some people better than others. Oh well I'm not moping around...I've begun going to the gym 3 times a week. Noticing everybody elses.. Oh, about 5 gallons.

I'm sorry; I thought you said "slaw". I leave everything to the last minute. 1) Procrastination
    
2) I get pissed off very easily I over think and follow twisted logic until the only possible outcome I see is the worst possible scenario and then I just assume that's going to happen. Following this catastrophic line of thought leads me to being depressed and feeling crappy and just assuming terrible things about my life.

BUT, recently (within the last couple years) I've realized (thanks medication!) that what happens in my head and what happens in real life is almost never the same thing. I am a nihilist.

Apparently I am incapable of experiencing joy (or have yet to try the right thing besides what follows to do so) outside of the chemical/physical responses to laughter and sexual conduct.

Also I am horrible to people when there are no meaningfully negative consequences to ME for doing so.
 I can't kepe a secret I care too much.  I worry about things constantly. (this can be a good thing in a way, but it wears you down after awhile) I'm too much of a perfectionist. In turn I can be too critical, can delegate too little (because I don't think others can do it as well as I), or I don't really start/finish projects because I can't get it exactly the way I want it.   I lack motivation for simple things. Homework, cleaning my room, being on time, waking up. I don't even anything serious to complain about, I'm just a lazy fuck. I'm ashamed of myself because people are constantly telling me I'm really smart. I reckon professionally my friendliness lets me down. I was recently doing some work experience at a friends' studio (he's a former tutor) and one of the small criticisms was that I was a little too familiar with the musicians and that I should learn to maintain a professional distance.

The reason I'm like that though, is that I'm really shy and have learned to compensate by being intentionally outgoing, which can be off-putting and look unprofessional. Semi hoarder here.  Probably should have tagged this as Serious. I'm arrogant.  i have serious body image issues  i have no patience for people who think they are better than others to the point where I will abuse them in public I make mistakes and errors on purpose so people think that I'm less intelligent than I actually am.  I've gotten so good at this that I can tell people the truth and they don't even believe me.  Lack of emotional involvement in things.  I used to care about things and now I don't.  Best friend had to go to rehab and she was really sick, wasn't sad or worried.  Don't care about my job.  Even money, not attached, I lend money carelessly and let people sell me things for too much money because I just don't care. Thought getting a bf would help, nope broke up with me because I wasn't emotionally involved (that being said he was an asshole).  I used to care about things so much I would be obsessive about them and get excited easily.  I just don't have that anymore.   I actually really am a perfectionist and I have been since I was little.  It's led to a lot of anxiety, depression, not getting things done, a fear of asking for help, and just generally being very slow and methodical, much to the chagrin of people who believe in deadlines and shit like that.

Yes, I'm on pills.  They work sometimes, but I've actually had to train myself to shut down and not give a damn about anything for a couple days.  It's not productive, and the house goes to hell while I'm doing it, but it's better than being on the perfection train all the time and blowing a fuse, which has happened before. ADHD My antics are a little bit over the top, I admit it. I talk down to people. Not intentionally, it just...happens. Usually when I'm trying to be genuinely nice or polite. Then people get shitty with me and I automatically go into full bitch mode. I can feel it. My face changes. I get all tingly. And my attitude. SO likes to watch the way it goes. 

Tied with this, I correct people. Again, not intentionally. Its automatic. I correct grammar and other mistakes. I'm not trying to be mean, I just want other people to be right.

My dad tells me I'm lucky I have friends. I'm inclined to agree with him. I keep getting minor injuries.

I practice karate, so yes I get bumps and bruises. But it seems that I always have some sort of sprain all the time. I'm just getting over tennis elbow for the second time in a few years

I can't remember a time when I wasn't injured in some way. I'm too thoughtful Im       **REALLY**         slow
 physically               and       mentally. My love of flaws I,  am an asshole. I over analyze anything and everything,  im very fickle, I push the people I love away, I get very easily depressed, I get attached too easily, im never the same person two days in a row, I rage over any little thing. .. the goes on. I realize these flaws and try to correct them but I never seem to progress, makes me feel bad bro.  I have some issues with social skills. I talk too much and too loudly. I "have no filter". I tend to be a bit too offensive when I joke about shit (getting better tho). I point a lot. I can be really depressing and boring. I talk so fast. I try and slow down but I can't. I also have a slight speech impediment where I have long Ss so that makes it really hard for new people to understand me. Didn't realize how bad it was till going to college and people commented on it a lot.  

  When I was growing up I was convinced that I had a good personality. Then I started wanting satisfying relationships.  I'm not really as awesome as I thought. pride, and my passions bubble very near the surface with people I trust.  Sometimes this leads to me lashing out to people I care about, when acquaintances find me more calm and collected.  Everyone seems to think I'm cocky, but I do my best not to be obnoxious, sometimes I fail.  Executive dysfunction and ADHD, essentially I have a really short attention span. I can never commit to anything :( I make decisions quickly--too quickly--and then I stick to them even if they are bad ideas. Which they all too often are. I joke about my bad ideas, but it's true.  I'm too trusting, I'm an asshole, and I have low self-esteem.  Sometimes i dont give a fuck about things that matter but gives entirely too much fuck about thing that dont. I'm too nice to you jerks! I can't make or keep friends for the life of me. I'm going to die a lonely man.  I'm a pretty egregious slacker. As soon as a get a job, I try my hardest to do as little as possible.  I am very submissive. I almost never say no in fear of consequences. man boobs..and Im skinny.. Testicles on outside of body.  I'm human. If it's not done my way you have't done it right. 
Even to the littlest things, like if my flatmate doesn't put her peanut butter back in the specific place in the cupboard that it belongs in, I get irritated. 
I complain about people's bad parking, bad driving, bad manners, lack of cooking skills, why are you using a tea towel to clean with? get a sponge? Yes the power bill is too high, yes its your fault. 
I constantly feel like everyone is inconveniencing ME. I complain and bitch all the time and it drives my boyfriend up the wall and I want to stop BUT HOW HARD IS IT TO TURN THE LIGHT OFF WHEN YOU LEAVE THE ROOM GODDAMMIT. 
Help me.  Either jealousy or procrastination. I have trust issues. Very badly. I only share about myself if I give advice to a friend or family member. Otherwise; I just smile and assume they are trying to get dirt on me and then talk trash behind my back.  I don't finish things. I start so many projects (typically electronic, coding, or mechanical in nature, but also occasionally artistic) and finish so few. I love to start things, get so many ideas about where I want a project to go, and then it will either lose interest, realize a hundred ways it could be better and restart, or the project was so short I've already finished.


On the plus side, I can't become addicted to MMORPGs. I start one, and within a few weeks I have every available character slot filled with something leveled up to about 1/5 of max level. Bored now - end subscription. I complain way too much. I doubt myself. I'm never sure of anything I do. 
 Narcissism. Somehow I always manage to think about how whatever I'm talking about with anyone relates to me.  Lazy as fuck... I have had ideas then 2-3 years later see them come out as items in stores, companies started...i still get ideas and dont do crap with them. Lazy. As. Fu I can't make up my mind. On large decisions or very small ones. I want to eat something? Change what I want 5 times before I decide. Move something in a spot? Nope move that a few times.  Add the "Stay Focused" extension to chrome and use the nuclear option.  very physically unattractive. I hate myself.

Not a cheap 'oh my nose is too big' superficial dislike. I loathe myself. I hate myself with the kind of passion that is typically reserved for bigots towards minorities. It's illogical. It's incredibly harmful. But I can't stop. 

They say depression is rage turned inward. Well, I passed that five miles back and it does not look like I am going to stop anytime soon. 

It's cost me a career, friends, and a marriage. It's become self-defeating and almost other-worldly in it's effect on the world around me. I am now seeing the world through shit-smeared glasses. And through it all, I hate what it's doing almost as much as I hate myself. 

I'd have offed myself a long time ago if it weren't for the fact that I have more love for my family than hate for the man I am. Some people find my smile too disarming... I swear like a sailor :/ I can't make a simple decision to save my life. Example: Ordering off a menu is a painstaking task.  But in general I hate making decisions.. Socialy awkward as fuck. Acne. Effing acne. I'd be gorgeous without it.  I just don't care enough to go/contribute to social functions. I realize that in order to meet people I should do this, but fucks I give are astoundingly low. That, and I generally like being alone. I'm a smart ass to basically everyone. I don't even mean to...it just sort of happens and I hate that about myself. Can't keep my damn mouth shut Tie between procrastination and confidence  I'm kind of an asshole. My Honesty. I don't have a verbal filter when talking to friends, and I overcompensate when talking to girls.

I have no in between, and I really want to fix that. I don't like people learning too much about my life,so I avoid personal questions with sarcasm(even though most people don't understand it).  I am terrible at art/drawing. Seriously the worst the world has ever seen probably. One time I tried to draw Tiger Woods and I swear he looked Asian  I'm addicted to Battlefield 3. Its all I think about. I havnt hung out with someone in about 6 months because of it. I have friends just, must play more My face. I feel like I can't be successful/have a happy relationship because I'm not hot enough.  I'm a ridiculous perfectionist, to the point of selfdeprecation on the daily. It sucks because I'm a writer and performer, and if I haven't had time to micromanage my work/performance to a T, I really can't stand showing people, which is pretty detrimental to the improvement I feel is necessary. No amount of reassurance makes me content. I could hear nothing but praise but still shit on myself over something; in that case I actually convince myself that the praise people give me is just out of pity. As you can imagine, this is a lot of stress, and as I consider being stressed a sign of weakness so I've never learned to cope, which has led to a few panic episodes in the last year or so. 

Tl;dr : my need to be perfect makes me worse. Oh, the irony Decision Making in regards to myself.

* Important decision at work impacting thousands of people or outside of work that effects anyone but me?  No problem... I'm your man.

* What do I want for supper?  FOR THE LOVE OF GOD I HAVE NO IDEA!!!! I never see to finish what I I talk way too loudly, always have sarcastic responses to serious questions, and talk about myself too much. 

Knowing is only half the battle. Being a bitch
 I'm shy and afraid of change.  Procrastination and then masturbation I have really bad breath in the morning.  I've always been jealous of others for different reasons. I'm guessing this is just part of being a middle child. Most of the time, I envy people not for material possessions but, opportunities or experiences that they have or had even though I've done some awesome things in my own life. Its a weird feeling. Not sure how to describe it. It's like I have absolutely no ambition. No goals or dreams. 

I don't want to own a house. I don't want kids. I don't want a 9-5 job. I don't want to "settle down". 

I have no plans for the future, even though I know I should. And I'm oddly ok with it. 

I work a retail job just to pay for my motorcycle and rent, and otherwise do whatever I want.  That I only see flaws in myself. Lazy. Soo fucking lazy. That I only see my self as flawed I smoke entirely too much weed I cant lick my ear =( Lack of motivation I'm not really self-motivated.

When I'm at work, I'm fantastic! My bosses want me to be super productive and busy, and goshdarn it, I'll do just that!

When I'm home alone and there's nobody telling me what to do or giving me any deadlines, I procrastinate and slack off and do nothing, because hey, the house doesn't care. The neighbors won't know. Who cares?  I'm an asshole.  Overthinking. Everything. Whenever I get into some serious arguments, I tend to get so fed up with the other person that I begin to tear up from the anger. This makes my counter arguments weaker and I basically have to admit that I'm wrong before I start crying.

It sucks. I can't start conversations and any time someone starts one with me I rarely am able to continue it. ADHD I am extremely lazy and pessimistic. Multiple...I interrupt people too much bc I have a really great thought and I need to interrupt you so you can see how witty and smart I am.

I project my own insecurities onto others.

I want people to like me so I say what I think is the right thing to say to achieve that.

There are more but I'll stop now. This is depressing.
    Awkwardness, procrastination, can't fight back to some people (when they deserve it), low athleticism, just to name a few. Acne, without it I would be so Much better looking and self confident   too honest  I recently found out I am EXTREMELY bipolar. I've come to terms with it, BUT I STILL WENT TO FUCKING JUVIE BECAUSE OF IT. I have a few.  I'm morbidly obese, an introvert, and anti-social. Emotionally unavailable in all my relationships. I have high function autism. Nobody knows, other then my doctors and my parents) my friends just see me as that funny, a little awkward kid. Imlucky I have friends Having the urge to have What pulse (neat program) on its own monitor
 I'm stubborn. If I get in a fight with a friend, I have a hard time apologizing. Especially if it was my fault.  I really want to work hard, but I don't know how.

I'm one of those guys that will see those motivational posters about determination,resolve, and self-discipline. I tell myself that's going to be me one day.

But here I sit, talking about all these things I'm going to do in my life while i spend most of my day sitting around like a waste of space and watching it all pass by.
 I have a problem with getting jealous way too easily. If I like someone amd theyre talking to another guy, I begin to think up the worst possoble scenarios That I'm a perfectionist.
According to my and everyone else in the world's resume. I over think every situation I am in and usually end up missing out on an opportunity and just end up regretting the whole situation and if I don't think about everything I'm doing I will usually say or do something stupid that hurts someone or something. That everyone who posted here is apparently my twin. All of them.  i procrastinate, have no will, bad at communicaing with women, and i'm an asshole. Superficially: Stretch-marks. Stretch-marks everywhere. Puberty was not kind to me.

On the inside: I'm a judgmental, spoiled fucking brat. However, I realize that this is wrong so I have trained myself not to show it and keep a lot of those kind of thoughts to myself. I'm boring. Oh so boring. I have basically no worthwhile skills and no ambition. Thinking and feeling like a hypocrite about certain topics.
"I don't like to play video games on weekdays because I become less productive." *Browses Reddit until 10pm before doing homework* I talk to people for a living and I suck at it.
I feel awkward when talking to people. I'm honest to a fault.  Everyone respects me, no one likes me. I'm an average looking guy with high standards.  I take my mistakes personally. I wish I didn't stress so much but I feel helpless against my own mind when I make a mistake. I haven't been able to motivate myself for about 8 months. Its like someone just hit the off switch. I'm getting fat, procrastinating much more, and look for every excuse to sit at home and be bored. Moral superiority.

If I ever get into an argument, I "know" I'm right, and the other person is being petty/immature/stubborn etc. Even as I'm typing this, I'm thinking back to old squabbles, and I'm having a hard time justifying this as a flaw.

I just think I'm a genuinely good person. I don't do anything to intentionally hurt people, I feel bad when I do hurt people, and if someone is mad at me, I find out why and I try to fix it.

I also tend to rub other peoples' flaws in their faces. If someone does something mean, I'll tell them. If someone's being lazy, I'll tell them. And if someone is eating something that I don't think they should be, I'll tell them. I do it in a really nice way, and I always make sure it sounds like I'm being sincere. I don't think people usually get mad at me, but I know I've rubbed people the wrong way.

I just read this again and feel like a bitch, haha. Mortal. I'm basically just too damn awesome. All I do is kick ass and chew gum. And I'm not even out of gum.  If I upset someone I tend to get more upset then they do because I feel bad. This makes apologies more of me just wallowing in self pity. It's just a brutal cycle. I obsess about what other people are doing and why they won't talk to me, I'm pretty sure I just suck as a person, I.e. I had sex with this girl the other night and she hasn't really talked much since, and I can't stop thinking about her or what I did wrong. I'm so fucked up.
 I talk too much..... for a guy. I'm really really really judgmental. I try to watch myself, but if I see anyone that is remotely different from what I consider to be "perfect" looking, I judge them. 

Then I get mad at myself, and I feel really guilty and shitty about myself. I don't know why I am so judgmental, I'm no where near close to perfect.. My addictive behavior. I'm a person who desperately needs a purpose or meaning to my existence to live a happy and productive life, while at the same time I've developed a nihilistic out look on life. I like to be blunt. Being blunt is a good thing, it let's you show how you really feel (in certain situations, not just being blunt to be an asshole). The problem is, I have a threshold that determines whether I'm blunt or I'm nice. [Usually it goes like this.](http://i.imgur.com/OYoQDq4.png)


 I don't get mad, I just get sad. Extreme resting asshole face.  If I try smiling without reason it looks really forced.  People always assume I'm angry and anyone who doesn't know me avoids me, be it people walking down the street or handing out fliers.  In classes people tend to keep a few seats in between themselves and me.   Last week I tried asking an employee at Walgreens where something was and in pretty sure I scared her.  I was on a full bus today and no one sat next to me.

Well, the bus thing could be considered a plus. I have to admit that I wait to talk, but I am trying harder to listen. I let everyone make decisions for me. Relying on reddit for smiles from strangers. Is that a flaw? Obesity and not being able to maintain gainful employment. too blunt when with people I know, too shy around strangers.  I have manboobs, and I am extremely self conscious about it.  Biggest flaw...scoliosis Fatness  Envy. I always want what other people have or think that what they have is better then what I have.
 My ability to stay motivated in something. I inevitably lose interest or stop trying to achieve above and beyond and slowly will slip into not giving a shit. I had a boss who took me aside for an annual review and told me that that while I did a good job, I needed a kick in the ass every now and then to keep me going. He was right on. staying motivated Brain Damage, ever since the day I was born..

Drugs what they used to say I was on.. Use of cheesy video game pickup lines in hopes that i will receive a date Diagnosed ADD (later at age 19) with Habitual Procrastination and Social Anxiety that stemmed from a childhood stutter.

So you know, stuff, if I didn't have that going for me I would be Ivy League running companies smart (at least that's what the psychiatrist said) because in theory I'm significantly smarter than the average bear. I've yet to see that in practice yet though.  Anger.  When I'm mad, everyone knows it.  Fortunately it take a lot to make me angry. I want other people to fail so i feel better about myswlf Being incredibly average at anything Seeking approval from others. I'm a nihilist and I don't get along with anybody. I am exceptionally negative. My list of flaws is too long.  My lack of faith in myself I don't know if I am capable of love. self doubt. This leads to anxiety. You wouldn't even know it if you met me. It's something I am working on fixing, however. I'm super narcissistic. Its more of two edged sword though. It also contributes to my good attributes: confidence, razor focus, lack of obedience, less empathy, thick skin, take criticism super well. While for the bad: overbearing in conversations, somewhat socially awkward. Ginger male.  Pale skin, higher skin cancer chance, and the lowest pain tolerance of any hair colour/gender combo. I try much, much too hard to make people think I'm shy, as well as inability to come out of that damn closet. Inability to pursue anything huge without a push from someone else.  I have done a lot of great things and feel satisfied with my life, up until there's no one there to push me to do more, again.

Such as, I just moved 3,000 miles from home to live somewhere new and exciting, and completely different and adventurous, etc etc etc, but because someone else moved here and made me promise not to do it just because of them.  

I would never have moved here otherwise. Sometimes depression eats up weeks of my life at a time. On the other hand, I'm really fun to be around when i am hypomanic. I am too fucking awesome. I'm a cunt. Arrogance, and the fact that there's only one of me. My defective colon. Seriously, I ask Santa for a new one every year and he always says no. :( Over thinking shit... I'll be all happy one second and then think something like "My S/O can't hangout?  She's probably losing interest, better do something irrational." Stripper hunger.  This thread makes me feel a lot better about myself. I had a vacuum cleaner whose motor would exhaust air straight ahead.  On hardwood floors, you would have to chase the dust bunnies all around until you snuck up on them in reverse. I had a small, cool looking green portable radio I got for free at Kohl's that had the same knob for volume and tuning. Turn it left, the channel advances in increments of 0.05 Hz, turn it right and the volume increases. You couldn't turn either back. Ever. You had to pull out the battery to reset the volume and channel. Miss your channel? Fuck you. If a particularly loud ad or song came in and you tried to turn down the volume, not only would the volume not go down down, but it would change the channel and you would have static blasted into your ear.

___

*EDIT: This was 10 or so years ago, when "portable radio" was still a thing you didn't laugh at. I imagine they were going for the cool factor, and it looked pretty cool indeed, you clicked the knob to turn it on and off and it was completely round and only had a very small antenna (2 inches or so) and it could clip onto your belt. It came free with a tee shirt I bought, so I guess I can't complain.* In my apartment bathroom, the drain in the sink is not placed at the lowest point in the sink. Lived in a house where everytime you opened the front door, you'd smash the hallway light bulb. A self-flushing toilet without a backup flushing button. (As in, that little black button you can push to make the toilet flush if it's sensors didn't catch that you've finished your business and stood up.) The cigarette lighters in our company 1998 Kia's would projectile eject from the socket when they glowed red hot. Would fly about a foot to a foot and a half. The fire escape on my house is made entirely out of wood Giant fucking power adapters that are as wide as 3 ports when plugged in.

Seriously? SERIOUSLY?! I once bought a *dry erase board* - the company thought it would be a good idea to include a **sharpie** in the package.   The engine of my 1999 Chrysler LHS. It's the only car I've ever seen where you have to remove the wheel to reach the battery. If I want to do even the simplest repair, I have to remove 20 parts to reach it.   
It's also the only one I've seen where you can't put antifreeze in the radiator. You have to remove the reservoir cap, warm up the engine, shut it off, and put it in the backup reservoir until it backs up into the tank, and repeat until the heater works again.   

I love this car, but it's almost not worth the maintenance.  I work for a company that builds fancy, expensive electronics things. On a few designs, the positive and negative voltage cable ports are right next to each other on a certain circuit board. Plugging them in the wrong way blows the board and costs the company thousands a pop. Should the connectors be keyed so they can't be plugged in wrong? No, that's too complicated. How about color coding the wires? It's cheaper to just use white wire for both. 

So here we are, wasting thousands on test, rework, and reassembly on a problem that's fixed by spending an extra $5 on the initial assembly. A toaster that burned toast, set it on fire and wouldn't quit until it had been unplugged for 7 minutes.

It had a timer consisting of a bimetallic strip that had to warm up *and* cool down before it would release the lever.  So many things wrong with that principle... some keyboard came with the power button (one that would force close all programs running and shut down the pc) next to the delete button like this:

http://i.imgur.com/ddOwu.jpg

Edit: if you do not think that it is bad enough is worth noticing that is right next to the enter button and that it would not ask for confirmation Registering for a website, "Your first name must be four letters or more."

A big ol' middle finger to Bob, Don, Tom, Tim, Sam, etc.

Edit: I understand that these are all three letter short-versions of longer names. I don't care.

I was not named Donald. It does not say Donald on my social security card. It says Don. I shouldn't have to change it because your website arbitrarily demands four letters. When I bought my house I noticed a light socket over a doorway with no bulb in it, so I put one in.  Then I opened the door, which promptly ran right into the light bulb. The ashtray in my car cannot be emptied when the the car is in park because the shifter is in the way.

EDIt: The car is a '95 Volvo 850. I don't smoke anymore, I use the ashtray as a trashcan. The small circle toilet bowls. No I dont want my penis touching the ceramic urine crusted rim.  Toilets that automatically flush if I make the slightest movement. There was this umbrella that you attached to your car door in the same way you do with those little flags. It was designed to keep you dry when you're getting out of the car and it's raining, but you couldn't drive with it attached.
Think about that for a second. The box washing powder comes in. Because it cannot be resealed in any way, not even close. As I don't have my own washing machine I have to bring it with me, but that's impossible since I can't seal it in any way and have to pour enough of it into a plastic bag. They probably assume I have some plastic container to keep it in or something. If not I assume there's a good chance that they are happy to sell me one.... Ice cube trays that don't bend.  My mother's glass top stove. It has touch sensitive control buttons on the cooking surface, which means that if you have a spill or something boils over, you **can't turn the stove off** The paper towel dispensers that require you to pull hard on the towel to overcome the spring and get the towel out. Whoever designed that must not have realized their main audience is people with wet hands.  Last year, Kickstarter featured an interesting product: a jellyfish tank.

Jellyfish are considered difficult to keep as pets, because they require a current through the water that provides oxygen and food. If they get stuck in a corner of the tank that has no current, they languish and die.

The Kickstarter project solved this problem in a cost-effective way by creating a cylindrical tank (the front and back are flat, and the sides are vertically circular). The bottom of the tank is covered with gravel, and a pump shoots water up through the rocks and at an angle against one of the walls. It creates a constant, circular current that pushes the jellyfish around.

It's great in concept... but the initial run of the tank (which they shipped to me and many others, apparently) had a design flaw.

Since the pump has to create a current that circulates all of the water in a five-gallon tank, it's a comparatively strong. The pump also has an intake that's buried beneath the gravel - which creates suction. It's not a *lot* of suction, but jellyfish are very light... and also very delicate.

I discovered all of this about twelve hours after adding three jellyfish to the tank. At 9:00pm, I walked by the tank and saw three happy jellyfish. At 11:00pm, I walked by again, and found the tank full of shredded tissue. The pump had sucked up all three of the jellyfish, and turned them into... jelly.
 The British K Class Submarine.

They were steam powered.  This meant they needed funnels.  A sudden tall wave could put out the boilers and render the boat without propulsion.  Diving without remembering to close the funnels could flood the boat.  

 I was staying in a hotel once and the door had been placed so close to the toilet stool that it struck the bowl almost immediately on opening.  

The owner's solution: cut a large toilet bowl-shaped portion out of the door.  This was problematic because the lights in the bathroom could not be turned off and they were roughly the same intensity as our sun. My toaster has the power cord coming out on the same side as the controls. This means I can't hide the cord otherwise the controls would face away from me and towards the wall. Barbaric. The gap between the drivers seat and the middle console (between the two front seats).

Either

1. Make the gap big enough to fit your hand down when you inevitably drop something down there

2. Make the gap small enough to not inevitably drop something down there. If you lock a toyota camry with the key fob then open it with the actual key, it sets off the alarm. Sucks every time my key fob battery dies.  Time to finally tell this!

Dallas World Aquarium had the shittiest toucan cages ever.

In third grade, I went on a trip to the Dallas World Aquarium. Beautiful place. Tons of awesome fish, sharks, and motherfucking penguins. However, there was one exhibit that was particular fascinating to me: the toucans. Why? Because the cages were overhead.

My mom (a chaperone) pointed and said, "Reggie, look at that toucan!" I looked up in excitement and, at that very moment, one large blob of toucan shit landed in my eye.

I guess the architects didn't take the fact that toucan shit is affected by gravity  into mind when placing the cages above the visitors.

Edit: holy fucking shit this blew up Years ago at work we had pcs that had the floppy eject button right next to the power button. Hilarity did not ensue when we would accidentally switch off our computers instead of ejecting the disk.  3 clicks to expand the player on YouTube instead of previously just 1. What the fuck, man!? My Asus laptop with speakers under it... My in-laws teapot. Its spout is slanted in a wrong angle, so you can't pour tea without spilling a lot. The spout is also geometrichally challenged so that you have to tilt the pot so much to pour that the lid slides off. The handle is shaped so that while tilting the pot, your hand will slide up and connect with the hot pot so the grip is uncomfortable. They have used that pot every time we've been over for the last decade, and they (and we) complain just as much every time. My husbands uncle have now announced that he has bought a new one, hopefully a better one, for the upcoming birthday in october, so hopefully It'll be better next time. Some products are just not user-tested. When a tap (faucet) is not long enough so you can't get your hands under it due to the sink **BEING IN THE FUCKING WAY OF THE TAP**. **HOW THE FUCK AM I MEANT TO WASH MY HANDS PROPERLY!?**  Some really poorly placed cup holders in cars. 

Either right up against the console with ALL THE ELECTRONIC THINGS AND BUTTONS, making them sticky and/or inoperable if any splashing occurs. 

Too close to said console or underneath the ledge of the console to fit properly (especially Taco Bell cups...they're THE WORST). 

Non-adjustable, shallow, or otherwise shittiliy designed...I have yet to find cup holders in a vehicle that I wouldn't not consider to be a poorly designed afterthought. 

I realize this is probably less of an issue in most countries, but in America we live and eat in our cars a lot. The search feature on Xbox dashboard/apps where the letters/numbers are just in a long line.  Buses that have their exhausts pointed to their right side, basically fumigating people as they stand in line. Also my laptop which lets out all its scalding hot air in the perfect place to put your hand.  My old spatula wasn't heat resistant. The Panzerkampfwagen V Panther (Panther Tank) came with sloped armour.  On early models this included sloped armour on the gun mantle.  The problem with this was that enemy shells which hit the underside of the gun mantle and failed to penetrate would be deflected downwards onto much thinner armour which was only 15mm thick (compared to over 100mm thick on the gun mantle).  Below that 15mm thick armour was the driver, radio operator, transmission and AMMUNITION.  Needless to say a round that failed to penetrate the gun mantle could still spell doom for the Panther Tank.  Luckily it was fixed in 1944 in the G model (the Panther first saw action in 1943) by making the underside of the gun mantle just a straight up and down piece rather than rounded.  Well, mostly fixed as due to the constraints of war a number of Panther G tanks were still fitted with the older gun mantles.

Rounded death trap
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Bundesarchiv_Bild_101I-478-2167-09,_Italien,_Panzer_V_(Panther),_Panzersoldat.jpg


Fixed
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Panzerkampfwagen_V_G_1.jpg The fan Dell put underneath my laptop, which died about three weeks after I bought it from overheating. Toilet stalls where the door opens inward. Sure, I'll just remove my legs. No problem. [Volvo 240 Wagon](http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/2012/05/11/autos/volvo-240-curse.fortune/1988_volvo_240.top.jpg)

The rear doors are from a sedan and were never redesigned for the shape of the wagon. You can never unsee this. Small kitchen with poorly placed frige. You can open it all the way, but you have to leave the kitchen to do it....and then you are blocked by its door.

Edit:this was a small kitchen...very small. Even if I bothered to deal with the door rotation I would still need to press my body against the kabinets to let it skirt by me. Decided not to rent the place instead. Mechanical Engineer here. One of the worst designed things I encounter regularly are window air condition units. There are several things wrong with them:

* They are kept from falling by wedging the window pane over it. Hence the window pane itself becomes a failure mode in the system
* The centre of mass is outside the window. If the window were to fall, it falls outside rather than inside the room. A falling AC has the potential (in both senses of the word) to kill an unsuspecting person underneath.
* The screws that hold the lip (the guard that is wedged against the window) are usually placed where they undergo shear. Screws are good for compressive/tensile loading but are much weaker under shear.

Basically most window ACs are really cantilevering deathboxes that make rooms cold. I once paid good money for a thing called a 'she-pee', so I could pee at Glastonbury Festival without having to sit on those terrible toilets.  Fail. It went all down my leg and I had to walk back to the tent with wet jeans.  Horrible. I tried it in the shower when I came home but I've never managed to use it successfully.  Why invent something so great and then do such a terrible job of it? Vacuum cleaners designed specifically for picking up pet hair that clog and lose suction when picking up PET HAIR!!!

/rage Plastic packaging that is impossible to open without incision wounds and several cuts. Fuck. [This.](http://www.stopbuyingcrap.com/pics/sbc/plastic-packaging-from-hell.jpg.pagespeed.ce.v0UhZe1Xa9.jpg) Shit. Double doors where one door is locked for no fucking reason. Furious anger. die* Also, doors that are hinged/swing the wrong way. Guess I have a thing about doors.
 "Your computer is currently not connected to the internet. Check online for solutions." Yahoo's new logo.  They unveiled it like it was some incredible market-researched accomplishment but it looks like the logos I was making in Paint Shop Pro back in 7th grade for my geocities sites. Carpet in a bathroom. Not like locker room type carpet but long fiber living room carpet in the bathroom wall to wall.  Apple had a generation of iPhone chargers that did [this](http://i.imgur.com/IaLoWTf.jpg) bullshit. two urinals at a right angle
EDIT: im not sure how i feel about this being my top comment Reddit's search engine http://imgur.com/yqqeust On an episode of *Top Gear*, they drove the Reliant Robin, a three wheeled car that would flip over easily.  Hilarious episode. Pandas: everything about them is a design flaw. Windshield wipers. I have three speeds on mine and no matter what, the rain is always falling at such a rate that one speed is too slow, but the next highest speed is way too fast.

Edit: Everyone is trying to guess my car, this is fun. I'll give you a hint: toaster. 

Edit 2: As a few people have guessed, I drive a Scion xB. Also, yes, RainX has been suggested many times now.  [The "S" in "LOWE'S" doesn't match.  Drives me fucking crazy.](http://theuso.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/lowes_logo.jpg) The old sideways Nokia chargers, they'd block up two plug points or force you to rearrange the plug setup. Couldn't they just make it vertical?

These: http://i.imgur.com/ZB4raSS.jpg 15" newborn baby head circumference.   Exit, nowhere near 15".  All the changes to YouTube. And NO, I don't want to use my real name for the hundredth time Eyelashes are designed to sweep foreign objects away from your eye.  

They get dislodged and wind up in your eye. The perforations on a box of mac &amp; cheese.  They NEVER FUCKING WORK.  Never have, never will.  What's the point?!? The recurrent laryngeal nerve.  

It runs from the brain, down into the neck and connects with the larynx.  Haha, just kidding!  It goes from the brain, down into the neck, down into the chest, loops around the aorta, goes back up the chest, into the neck, and finally connects to the larynx.

Try explaining that one without using evolution!  If you ever seen a "Specs " liquor store you know they have a cartoon rabbit as a mascot.  One of his ears is bent and it's dramatically longer than the other.  It drives me insane.   This is an old design flaw that has been fixed:

Hot dogs come in packs of ten

Hot dog buns come in packs of 8

Edit: Apparently, according to some Redditors this has not yet been fixed.  I thought, since in my area it had been fixed it was; I was wrong about that. Laptops where the power plug is narrow and straight and goes in the side. So easy to accidentally break it off.

Elbow plugs FTW. LG electronic washing machines child lock feature: you need to press two buttons together to turn the child lock on. This feature will lock all buttons on the machine.... except for the power on/off button!

So, guess which button is the child going to press and turn the damn machine off completely?!? [The 'n' in the 7-Eleven logo is lowercase. Drives me crazy every time.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/d4/7-eleven-brand.svg/272px-7-eleven-brand.svg.png)

Edit: formatting My old fucking trash can. It was stainless steel with a rolled lip on top and a foot-operated lid.

That. Fucking. Rolled. Lip. You stuff your bag full, as usual, but since the diameter is decreased at the lip you can't get the trash bag out without it ripping on the lip. I'm not an angry person but there were many dents on that thing. It's now sitting in my garage to be used as scrap metal whenever I have an appropriate project. We have a drawer in our new rented house that does not open more than 5mm because it collides with the door frame. Not only that, but there is a visible mark on the door frame where a section must have been removed to initially fit the drawer, then the section was put back in. Everything designed by NuTone now. 

My old boss told me that some of the stuff didn't even come with instructions anymore.

Some of the stuff in your homes (like intercom systems and doorbells) are designed that once they break, it is cheaper for you to buy a new one then have it repaired.  Earphones that have sex in your pocket Anytime someone has put a handle on the push side of the door. You are doing it fucking wrong. Those goddamn 4-sided cheese graters. How am I supposed to clean out the inside of that damn thing without grating my hand?! At this centre we went to for a school trip, the toilets were terrible. I'm talking *really* bad.

So when you have the stuff in the toilet, and you flush it, one stream goes one way, the proper direction, and the other goes *in the opposite direction*. The result -

THE CRAP GOES NOWHERE!!!

After that place, I'm always grateful for the flushing in my home. I bet everyone who's ever choked to death on food is killing themselves at how stupid it is to breath*e* and eat through the same tube. 

EDIT: K, I get it guys, there's 2 different tubes.  iTunes anyone? For the last fucking time, I don't want to sync my entire library to my 8Gb phone, I just want my goddamn Pearl Jam and Pink Floyd. Is that too much to ask for? A set designer for the tv show i work for designed a 500 pound sectional couch that was intended to be set during a 4 minute commercial break. It caused one guy to need neck surgery and another to need multiple shoulder surgeries.  The fun dip stick is too delicious to preserve as a scooping utensil Shampoo bottles that dont balance on their own when you turn them upside down. (so-called) SmartBoards have two fundamental design flaws: (1) it's impossible for two students to use it at the same time (e.g. to play a game), and (2) anyone standing in front of the board will block the projection onto it from behind them. Obviously, no-one talked to teachers while designing this stupid product. Urinals that splash back piss all over me When on holiday in France, I encountered several toilets that had a flat plateau in the bowl. So you would poop, and your poop would go splat on the waterless surface. Then you would flush, and the poop would disappear, leaving some horrific streak marks in its wake.

Is it to prevent splash-back? To help people inspect their stools? I have no idea, but Paris can keep their streak-making plateuoilet abominations. Online job applications that require you to submit a resume and fill out endless text fields with the same information that's on the resume you just submitted. BMW has taken their spare tire out of their cars since the advent of the run flat tire.  Blow out? (Which still can happen) well sorry. Think of all that money we saved ourselves over here in Munich!  I always wondered about public washrooms.  What's the use of washing your hands if it's push to enter, pull to exit?  

In europe I've seen them use foot handles to open the door on exit, but in North America we don't have that luxury.  Why? [Sinkist](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/87/Sunkist_logo_2008.jpg) The knobs on an oven melting because of the heat of the stove. Evolution gave us a tail bone but no tail.Too bad, I could have had so much fun with my tail.Edit: I never said I wanted it for a "sexual" manner.  My boss at a former webdev job (long ago) bought a shopping card application that stored credit card number in plain text inside the webroot world readable. I went to the shopping cart's website and got a customer list and nobody had fixed this.

No I didn't use them and yes I emailed them. Wisdom teeth

God, you're a funny guy. Givin' us teeth we don't even have room for
 i have never owned/driven a car that can hold an entire bottle of windshield washer fluid.

EDIT: '97 Subaru Legacy...i drove one of those for many months and never, apparently, checked the window washer fluid.  i also never checked the horn but that is a consistency with me. Any mother fucking can that doesn't stack with itself. I work in retail and having to build a display with non stack-able spaghetti-o's is absolutely awful. But then, when I go to make a canned vegetable display THEY STACK PERFECTLY. WHY DO SOME CANS NOT STACKS????????????? The Appendix, mine went AWOL and tried to kill me. We having a ticking time bomb inside all of us for nothing. NOBODY IS SAFE. 

Edit: thank you everyone for letting me know my use of AWOL was wrong. The Appendix has been given a dishonourable discharge.  Sticky notes do not remain stick forever.

Lose their stickness.

It is problem. My Kitchenaid Dish-Drainer is RUSTED.
Your only job is to have wet things put on you and sit there, and you rust? You had one job, dish-drainer... one. Government issued civilian SUVs. If you work overseas for the US Government, they'll give you an armored SUV to drive. Accept it has a function where as soon you turn off the ignition, every door unlocks instantly. 

A lot of people know this, including Guatemalan criminals.  When two USB ports are too close to each other and I can't use my mouse and my pendrive, or two pendrives, at the same time. Awful. Crushed red pepper flakes being larger than the holes in the shakers. The traffic light engineering design here in Norfolk, VA. Everything is on timers, not sensors, and the timing is completely off. It's like they purposely designed it so that you have to stop at every intersection, as opposed to timing your drive right to have green lights most of the way. And to add to that, all the red lights take forever to change. I was listening to Master of Puppets from the beginning and the light finally changed when it got to the slow section of the song. My mum gets fucking pissed at her new iron. The power switch is on the handle, so when she grips it, it turns off. Why don't they put speed indicators on ceiling fans? Like a light that shows if it's on high, medium or low. Instead I just sit there clicking the chord trying to determine if the motor has stopped or not. The Brandenburger Tor logo in Berliner U-Bahn..
https://secure.flickr.com/photos/keithbraithwaite/10059191656/

http://www.reddit.com/r/berlin/comments/1nlwgc/that_brandenburger_tor_graphic_on_the_ubahn/  I recently trapped myself on the balcony due to a sliding door lock malfunction. USB plug. You have to flip it over two times before it goes in! The lid on every Brita water jug I've owned. Here's a few I love to remember:

**Titanic**: A ice cube tray like hull that was thought to hold only a little water if one part got a leak, later filled up as if only pouring water into one hole of a ice cube tray. It quickly fills in the other compartments and sinks.

**De Havilland Comet**: Compression and decompression of the metal airplane created stress that most likely started from its square windows. Why we have circular ones today.

**Tay Bridge**: The bridge was made of Cast Iron and the longest of its time. The iron girders broke due to cast iron being terrible at tension due to flaws in the metal (graphite) that can't be removed.

 Endless scroll websites that have the important links like "Contact Us" in the footer. You can never get to them. Putting an uncovered exhaust port just large enough to fit a torpedo down that leads directly to the main reactor on a massive battle station designed to destroy planets. 

As hard as the shot would be to make, if any debris in space were to fall down that hole into the reactor, shit would not be good.  CAiCE software (computer aided civil engineering) has a GUI cross section editor that essentially helps you write code that happens to be case sensitive.

The GUI converts any code it touches to all uppercase and breaks it. Standard tool measurement. As a person who is under a hood enough I will say I love the metric system more and more. 

-Metric tools "Too big for a 12 mm socket lets try 10mm... Ah! Perfect!" 

-Standard SAE tools - "Too big for a 7/8... Lets try a... 7 divided by 8 is almost .9 but not quite .9 so 3/4 is .75 but i want something a little bigger so lets 13/16? Holy shit it fit!" PRINGLES CANS!! My man hands want to be able to access every last, amazingly delicious chip and not merely the first 3 inches of them.  Paper towel dispensers in public restrooms that are placed above elbow level. So when you reach up to get a paper towel, the water drips down your whole arm. Butt Hairs Shoutout to /r/CrappyDesign I'm reminded of this dustpan:
http://www.holyjuan.com/2008/11/clorox-brand-dustpan-is-dysfunctional.html?m=1 Touchless soap dispensers for your home that claim that you won't get any bacteria on your hands, even though you're about to wash your hands anyways. I had an alarm clock that had a "daylight savings" toggle, so you could just flip the switch instead of adjusting the time by an hour. However, the switch also adjusted your set alarms by an hour also, so you would still wake up an hour late/early. The "I'm feeling lucky button" on the google homepage. By the time you type in anything, the button has disappeared -_- I'm so glad I finally have an opportunity to show people [this album](http://imgur.com/a/tNtgx).

This is an old house that has been converted into four apartments. The two upstairs ones are absolutely awful. testicles, separating the weakest part of your body outside of your body Ceiling fans that click.  I mean come on it spins you have got to think that may be a problem. A long time a go I bought a dell PC with this little rolling flap on the front of the tower. It had a little button on it. When you pushed the button, it would slooooowly lower itself to reveal my CD-Rom and disk drives...as if they somehow needed to be protected from the ravages of a hostile environment. (Mind you, they were still IN the tower like normal)

To close it, you just pulled the rolling flap back up until it clicked. 

While this design element did not impair the function of my PC... it had the unintended consequence of being a nerd magnet. At computer camp, (where you brought your own PC) the Councillors would stand by my PC and hit that button repeatedly, watching the flap go down over and over again, remarking at how pointlessly useless the feature was. Apparently it is useful as entertainment for them... 

 Kind of unorthodox, but I live in Montreal and the Metropolitain (main highway in the city) is horribly designed. It is 1960‘s architecture without any thoughts for the future. A self destruct button on your evil invention. Looking at you Doofensmirz I've always waited for an askreddit to be perfect for me. So my parents house does not have a shower, it just contains a bathtub. Which is fine, we could install a shower, but someone thought it was smart to put the electric box directly above the bath. Like, where the shower head would go, so no showers for us. The Original Game Boy Advance had no backlight. It was such a problem that third party add-ons were released that projected light onto the screen. Printers. Everything about them. Those faucets where you have to push down once for water and it only goes for like 3 seconds. Bright stand by lights on electronics, especially ones that flash. My monitor has this obnoxiously bright blue LED light that flashes when there is no video input, which turns my bedroom into a fucking disco at night if I forget to turn it off.  Reddit,  
I see a comment that I'd like to reply to, but I'm not logged in.  Log in, now I'm having to navigate back through the 3000 comments to find the one I saw that I'd like to reply to.  Happened in this very thread.  Relish in a squeeze bottle. 

Whoever came up with that gem should have been executed on the spot. I'm not sure I've ever had it not clog up. Squeezing harder to unblock it results in relish everywhere. 

The stock holders of Heinz and the like might love the idea, but if I met the person who came up with the concept, I'd lift them off the ground with a solid kick in the ass. 

 Vibrators that aren't waterproof  Motion lights in bathrooms, if I take a poop that lasts longer than 10 min I'm stuck in the dark.... Every single piece of printer software ever written. 

The whole software. One big design flaw. Somebody gave me this [multitool+flashlight](http://cdn.qualitylogoproducts.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/multi-tool-flashlight-extralarge.jpg) for an emergency kit. Too bad the light source points AWAY from the tools. Pocket Knife in the dark FTW. Solar powered flashlight... that requires sunlight to work... has no charging batteries...  Let me tell you about my old bedroom in my parents house.  We converted it into a giant room by knocking down the wall between my room and the spare room.  Let me tell you about the interior designer, Brian.  My folks hired this guy and paid him a mint.  Brian had no common sense.  My room looked beautiful to look at, but functionally the place was a nightmare.

Everything in this room was built in to the walls.  The desk was a disaster.  It was like 3.5 feet deep with a rounded edge.  Which meant you couldn't touch the back of the desk because the rounded part kept you pinned and the depth of the desk was too much.  The hole for the cables were on the left hand side and the outlets underneath were on the right hand side.  Which meant all computer cords ran across the floor and couldn't be managed.  Some cords were short.  So anything with a short cord had to go to the left.  Behind the desk was the window.  It swing open into the room at desk height.  Which meant you had to move the monitor and knock everything over to get some air.  

The two room were also never measured and weren't actually the same depth.  So one wall stopped abruptly and didn't line up to the same front wall.  The built ins were measured for the deeper room.  So, one side was cramped with built ins and a bed didn't fit properly where it was intended to go.  The closet door opened outwards, widely so they hit the bed and couldn't be maneuvered around when they were open. Similarily , cabinets at the foot of the bed hit the bed so you couldn't open a drawer towards you.  You had to stand to the side and even then it didn't open all the way because the bed was in the way.

The drawers on the built ins were so deep that when you opened them they pushed you back two feet making it impossible to reach into a work in the drawers.  They also opened so far that they knocked plugs out of the outlets.

Cabinets were not measured to incorporate electronics as well as their cords.  So each game station had to be unplugged when sliding the drawer back into the cabinet.

The TV was wall mounted on a swing arm that didn't make it past the center arch in the room.  So the TV couldn't be seen or operated on one side of the room. 

The glass on top of cabinets was cut poorly so dust and debris filled the cracks and was impossible to clean.

I can think of no worse design flaw.  But looking at the room you would never realize how awful it is.  You have to live it.  The house will sell for a fortune and the room will be a big selling point, but god help the person who ends up living in that room.  Fuck you, Brian 
 There are about a fuckillion light bulbs in my living room, with switches all around the place. Turning the lights off when leaving takes an instruction manual, the detailed blue prints of the electric network, and about 3 hours.  
The best part is that there are no switches in the kitchen side, gotta go all around the counter to turn the lights on when you wanna cook anything. Some number pads are like they are on a keyboard, where they go

    7 8 9 
    4 5 6
    1 2 3

and then others (especially on phones) go

    1 2 3
    4 5 6
    7 8 9

Why can't they all just be the same??  [And then there's the idiot that designed this...](http://i.imgur.com/fKDpg.jpg)
     The female form, the shithole should never be that close to where you eat.  I work for GM, so I see my fair share of horrible engineering, but you don't know anything about bad design flaws until you've tried to work on a Cadillac catera. Worst vehicle ever made, and you need a specialty tool for EVERYTHING! Even a simple oil change becomes a fucking pain in the ass.  I work in a cancer centre and we have one phantom (a device used to mimic human functions for image testing) that basically a box with a revolving oval disc.  The disc moves a small plate up and down kinda like the chest moves while someone is breathing.  

The design flaw?  The wires for the batteries are soldered so liberally that if the wires were to move a mm, the batteries would short to ground.  Theses POS came with a multi-million dollar machine and the bastards couldn't even be bothered to heat-shrink the joints on this $15 box.  Some USB ports are placed so close together you can never fit two flash drives in next to eachother. venetian blinds -_-* Bacon packaging that cannot be resealed...wait...blessing in disguise. I did not personally encounter this, but the GPS receiver used by special forces in Afghanistan to guide bomber strikes has a serious flaw. Whenever its battery is replaced, it defaults to its own coordinates. This caused the death of three Americans and five allied Afghan soldiers in a friendly fire incident Dec. 5, 2001. Doors everywhere. Doors that have a big flat piece that looks good for pushing are meant to be pulled. Others that have a handle that looks good for grasping and pulling are meant to be pushed. 

Then when you do it the wrong way people are like hurr hurr you make mistake.  Elevator buttons at a hospital I'm currently working at: http://imgur.com/F9EEarN

There's the code blue button, just sitting there... looking conspicuously like a normal elevator button. For those that don't know, hitting that button sounds an alarm throughout the hospital to alert and mobilize the rapid response team that someone is actively trying to shove off this mortal coil. I came within a hair's breadth of pushing it my first day there. Noped right the fuck outta there and took the stairs. No Apple, I don't want to download the 3,452th iTunes update. No, don't ask me again.
No Apple, I don't want to download the 3,453th iTunes update. No, don't ask me again.
No Apple, I don't want to download the 3,454th iTunes update. No, don't ask me again.
No Apple, I don't want to download the 3,455th iTunes update. No, don't ask me again.

 In Australia they make cough syrups that have both an expectorant and a cough suppressant in them, which always seemed silly to me.  "Keyboard not detected.  Press a key to continue."

**EDIT:** To anyone that didn't pick up on it... THERE ALREADY WAS A KEYBOARD PLUGGED IN!!! Transformer joints.  HOW CAN I MAKE YOU INTO A CAR IF YOUR LEGS WON'T STAY ON EERRRGG Clam Shell Packaging. *cringe*. Netflix. Their interface is garbage.

"Mouseover to scroll" is the clumsiest, most awkward way to browse. I test drove a Saab once. It was a stick shift and whenever I shifted the stick forward I would smash my knuckles into the front of the console. It literally had less than 3/4 inch clearance. I don't get how some head of engineering can test drive that car and say, "Good job guys, it shifts perfectly". I did not consider ever buying another Saab for that very experience. I figure if they get something that basic wrong, what else did they screw up? There was a stove pot that we bought from India that could not balance itself due to the handle being heavier then the out itself Used to work in retail, twice a year we would have to do inventory using these super expensive barcode scanning devices. Each time they would give us lectures about being extra careful with the devices cause they were so expensive. Well, the device had a wrist lanyard to attach to yourself so it wouldn't drop on the ground, however, the lanyard was attached to the cheap removable battery and not the device. So if the battery came loose, the device would fall onto the ground and the battery would be dangling from your wrist. some laptops have poor placement of the trackpad.   causes me to accidently move my cursor when typing, which leads to rage.  This is because my wrist hits the trackpad when typing. Youtube's new player layout change.

I can't dictate 480 by default, so it always starts on 360. I also turn off all annotations, and make the player larger. There's no efficient way to work through all 3 with a smooth motion. It's been made much worse since the change. At the Hospital where my friend had her baby, the emergency Helipad was located directly outside the Maternity Ward. Every time the helicopter came in, the newborns would all wake up and throw fits.  When you press the back arrow on the browser while browsing a link on Reddit, all the comments that you had minimized maximize and it takes you to the top of the comments again. You lose your place. 

Yes, it just happened to me -- now I am leaving this thread.  In the Windows Vista and 7 (and maybe 8, but I haven't checked) Control Panel, the items in list view are arranged into columns, but they're sorted alphabetically across columns. It makes it take an extra long time to find what you're looking for. If anyone has ever had a broken ankle or foot or leg injury and had to use crutches for an extended period you realize how shitty they are! Those things hurt your armpits like no other! Urinals that don't have a dividing wall. Seriously, horrible idea. 

Also, sinks where the faucet is almost right against the side of the bowl.  FUCKING ASS LICKING TRASH CANS WITH THE LID THAT FLIPS IN AND THE HANDLE THAT GETS EVERY CUNT PIECE OF FOOD STUCK IN IT ALL THE FUCKING TIME. SO THEN YOU ARE SPENDING LIKE 25% OF YOUR LIFE CLEANING THE FUCKING TRASH CAN LID BUT IT'S NEVER REALLY CLEAN BECAUSE NANOPARTICLES OF FOOD ALWAYS SEEM TO MAKE THEIR WAY INTO THE SMALLEST CORNER OF THAT FUCKING HANDLE THAT NO HUMAN SPONGE COULD EVER REACH. 

ASS. Taps too close to the side of the sink. **Anything right handed as a left hander.**

Scissors. Can openers. Cold faucet on the right. Writing left to right in pen/ink. **A computer mouse** Every time I go into the toilets in a pub and have to step over the toilet seat to get the door open/closed. The dribble. Guys, you know what I'm talking about. Earbuds. I have tiny ears and have not once found a set that "fit" **MODERN TOILETS.** 

No need to touch anything. You'll stay fresh and clean..

- Automatic flush
- Automatic soap dispenser 
- Automatic tap (faucet for the yanks)
- Automatic hand-dryer

Then on the way out, you have to touch the dirty, shitty door handle. Soiled by the bastards who use none of the above. THESE MOTHERFUCKERS RIGHT HERE: http://whirleydrinkworks.com/productinfo.php?prod-code=YT-32&amp;cat=yd&amp;sub=x   
   
I work in a place where we fill these for customers on hot summer days, with big lines, and theres one big line making problem. See that twist in the cup? it means that when filling these damn things with slushy it will never fill entirely just with gravity, which means that take forever to fill and you have to pound them in to the counter to get it filled properly, but even then filling it all the way puts another 30 second delay in the line per cup.   
   
but it gets worse, thats best case scenario, if you can fill it with the cup facing straight up, but you can't because the drip trays are in the way, so it takes longer, so what does the head of production say? "Don't bang it on the counter, you'll break it, just fill it as much as it fills and hand it to the customer." but then what happens? customer complaints! I don't have time for that!   
    
but wait! theres more! see this size of that straw? with icee temperatures, nothing flows for the first couple minutes after dispensing, so more customer complaints! I have seen customers get frustrated and leave the line because of seeing me fill these things, the damn twist in the cup preventing flow has lost me sales! did they even test this?   
  
Ok, rant over.   
   
TL;DR I want to see the designer of these things forced to fill 100 in a strict time limit, watch him squirm!  Take a website where opinion is 90% of the content and then *add voting* I have a Canon multiprinter. It is not able to scan documents because it is out of black ink. Not being able to start up a game on the Nintendo Wii without using the motion controller. Sucks when the only thing you use the Wii for is to play Smash Bros with some friends and all you use is Gamecube controllers  Ford Ranger everytime I go above 70 a loud beeping occurs...called Ford they said there is no road in America with speed limit over 70...assholes need to go to Idaho speed limit 75. My father bought "humane mouse traps" that closed after a mouse walked too far into them.

Problem is, the seal is super tight and there are no air/drainage holes.

First mouse to get caught in it drowned in its own shit filled urine. Super humane. Babies... My God do they leak everywhere. Mac computers not having a HDMI adapter. I watched an episode of top gear many years ago in which they demonstrated a flaw where sliding the passenger seat back hard while the car was in motion would trip the emergency fuel cutoff and bring the car to a halt. My car only has one door you can put a physical key in, which isn't really a problem with keyless entry. However the truck doesn't have a keyhole at all, you have to use the remote, and the pulls to put the seats down are in the truck. So if my car battery is dead I can't get into the truck, which if I carried jumper cables would be the most reasonable place to put them.

tl;dr When my car battery is dead I can't open the truck because of bad design.  The lack of term limits in the US Congress has led to career politicians who are more interested in getting reelected than serving their constituencies. Two car ones. 

First, if you ever see a gold, early 90s Toyota Camry, the bumper is always silver. There was a massive mismatch off the assembly line, and apparently the only person it bothers is me. 

Second, pretty much every Chevy Trailblazer from 2001 until maybe 2004 or later had a problem with wind nose from the front door hinges not being airtight. At 60mph there's a loud rush of air constantly while driving. To boot, the front bumper doesn't line up correctly with at least a one inch gap between the body and bumper if you look on the sides. Drives me nuts.  I'll just click this fancy logo for the subreddit I'm in...

Aaaaaaand front page. The ladder on the side of my dorm room bed in my barracks blocks my top two drawers on my dresser. I can get in bed without it by climbing up the rails on the end of the bed, but the damn ladder is required for inspection and it's a bitch to take off and put back on... Definitely my Dell studio XPS 1645 laptop.

1) When you open the screen (=use the laptop), the screen completely blocks the air vent. Completely. 

2) The input (sucking) fan is on the bottom, meaning it cannot get any airflow when using it on practically anything.

The above means the XPS 1645 can't be used for anything except browsing unless you connect an external LCD and put the laptop on a stand.

Here you can see it with the LCD 50% opened (not my pic), with normal usage the vent is blocked even further. 
http://i.imgur.com/88aqFJ5.jpg The entire Diablo 3 auction house. [This](http://images.anandtech.com/reviews/mobile/razer/blade/DSC_3371.jpg) kind of arrow keys 

and to put it on a laptop meant for "gaming" [I can't open my kitchen cupboard door more than this.](http://i.imgur.com/Pn850J5.png) Every new design update to Youtube has several flaws.

Like currently you have to click through loops to get to your Inbox, you'd assume that the new 'Social' link would take you to your Inbox.. but noooo, you have to:

Click your avatar in the top right to display the menu.

Click Video Manager

THEN click 'Inbox' in the menu on the left.

Also, 'Subscriptions' used to be the default homepage, but now you're presented with a lot of 'recommended' crap that you probably don't give a damn about. So when attempting to get back to your Subscriptions display, you have to additionally navigate to the 'My Subscriptions' menu item instead of just clicking the 'Youtube' logo which was the case in previous designs.

Also, the 'Share' box on a video automatically opens when the video finishes playing. So if you were busy reading the description, or reading the comments, you'll be forced to look at the share box instead (It will also auto-scroll back up to that box if you were scrolled down to the comments). [Here](http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/114002.user.js) is a Greasemonkey script which can remove this behaviour, and also provides a much better experience for various other awful feature changes of Youtube.

And that's just three of the many issues. Whoever is on the webdesign team for Youtube should be shot, it's terribly inconsistent and the design is frequently 'updated' which causes everything to move around. In my old sunfire, I had to choose between controlling the heat/AC or using the cup holder. The sinks at my school. You have to keep the handle turned for the water to run, but if you let go it turns off. How the hell can I wash my hands when one is holding the water on!? I rented a Jeep Grand Cherokee once and discovered that while parked in the rain, water would collect in grooves on the roof.  Then if you drove with the windows down, the first time you applied the brakes about a half gallon of water would pour off the roof into the open windows. Escalators that don't match the speed of the handrail Shirts that are too short! Seriously, I'm not that tall (6 foot) and I'm not scrawny (175lb) but if a shirt fits me well on my upper body, it barely goes past my belt, and I don't sag. If it's long enough, it's way too baggy. I've found a couple here and there but it's almost impossible There is a country that was founded which seems to only work properly when it is at war and there are only two political parties. It turned out that even with the introduction of a pseudo-political party, centered around beverages and not particularly influential, the whole system breaks down. Of course there are no current plans to fix the issue since that would require research virtually all of which is being outsourced. Those stupid faucets that only stay on while you're pressing the top of it. You can only wash one hand at a time, and you can't rub your hands together to wash them. My VW Golf and its fucking windscreen wiper system.

So, it starts raining. Windscreen wipers on at low strength. Wipe wipe wipe wipe wipe. You come to a junction and stop to check both ways and the windscreen wipers *detect* that you've stopped. Oh, you've stopped? You don't need us to work quite so hard then because, you know, you don't need  visibility when turning right at a busy junction.

Or maybe you're coasting along and a little spray hits the windscreen. No problem. Just give the wiper paddle a flick and get three swipes and then no more. Pretty clever, except at the third swipe the windscreen is always sparkling clean and clear... always. And then a five second delay aaaaaand, one last swipe. But the wiper has settled into the channel of grimy water at the base of the windscreen and that last wipe smears the windscreen again. AAAAAAAAAARGH.

Or maybe you've got your wipers on but not the back wipers and you decide to reverse. Cue sudden back wiper squeeling noise as Wipers That Are Never Used suddenly start up and scare the living shit out of you.

 Dyson hand dryers. Everyone rants and raves about them but honestly, I don't like the fact that I have to stick my hands down a narrow crevice and have my hands get blown back and forth on surface areas of the dryer that I know other people's hands have been knocked against.  Final Fantasy xiv's chat system.

Just burn it down and start over (again), guys. University of Waterloo; the engineers there designed their own engineering library on campus and didn't account for the weight of the books; the building is starting to slant and is sinking into the ground.   when my phone's battery is low it warns me every 30 seconds for about 4 minutes before completely dying, if it only warned me one then it could go back to sleep mode and still be used for another call or two. BMW's iDrive system.  The ride at Canada's wonderland called [Klock Werks](http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/02/4b/99/4a/klockwerks-is-a-family.jpg).   As the ride spins around the center the arms extend from horizontal to vertical which sounds fun in theory.  

However, whoever designed this ride didn't consider simple rotational physics.  All the cars have the same angular frequency, however as you increase and decrease the rotational arm the velocity increases and decreases.  Combine this with frequent and rapid extension of the arms and you get a ride where you spend the entire time rapidly accelerating forward and then immediately slowing back down.  Not at all fun.   Bathroom stall doors open inwards. Good luck getting out if you're fat... As a mechanic.  Nearly all the cars you drive are fucking terribly designed. Doesn't matter the make anymore, engineers need to learn to make the chassis first then the body. The fact that our laryngeal nerve goes from our brain, down through the aorta and up to our larynx, is a shitty design. Also, humans are the only organisms who can choke (as far as I know).  The [Ford Falcon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Falcon_(Australia\)) is an iconic Australian (sorta) car

The Holden vs Ford thing is something only an Australian Bogan can understand (V8 Super Cars is kinda like the Stock car racing in the States).

I've had a couple of Falcons.  In some ways they are great cars (very low maintenance engine, the straight 6 goes like buggery, and when you have it up to speed, uses bugger all fuel, the station wagon you can get to the spare tyre (full size) without unpacking the boot), in so many ways they have some really dumb design.

Coil on a straight six engine.  The coil - despite the cavernous engine bay - is really hard to get to.  Two of the spark plug leads are at 90°. To put a new spark plug lead on a coil at 90°, you are **supposed** to bleed out the air with a screw driver.  Try to get the coil off... go on try.

The side windows are huge.  There are two tiny stays on the windows, which are really close together.  Guess how many Falcons are on the road where you can't wind the front windows down properly.

To change one of the front headlights your only option is to remove the battery.

Air conditioning leaks are common, mostly because one of the main hoses comes this --&gt;&gt;   &lt;&lt;-- close to the exhaust manifold, so not surprisingly warps and/or melts.

The hub caps on the BA or earlier models fall off... constantly.  A fix with a wire coat hanger can be done, but why the fuck should you have to?

Other than that, I'm typing on an old Toshiba lappy, where the Windows key is on the extreme top right of the keyboard.  That is dumb enough in itself, but it means the ctrl and alt keys aren't where they usually are either. Zipper next to a penis. Surely there were other options besides metal teeth.  Bought an alarm clock that seemed alright on the surface, but it had a blaring blue backlight that lit up the entire room and it was designed to disable the alarm functionality and wipe the alarm if the backlight was turned off. 

I had to confirm this in the manual, and was surprised to say that they stated it plain as day as if they were proud of it.

Man I returned that thing to where it was made like a scrappy hobbit carrying a bad ring. 2000 Ford Mustang with a manual transmission.  When you pull the gearshift back into 2nd or 4th gear, it partially covers the cupholder.  Hence, if you have a beverage in the cupholder, you end up crashing your hand and the gearshift into it, then you panic and are forced to go straight from 1st to 3rd. Any car that you have to put onto a lift to take out the battery. The current US government, which given the way it currently operates, effectively requires a *supermajority* in the Senate to get anything of significance done.   Doors to small, enclosed spaces should open OUT. The bathroom stall doors at my school open in, so you have to step back towards the toilet and squeeze by to get out. It's the ultimate inconvenience and in my case it can actually be kind of gross. Scissors in blister packaging... I need scissors for my scissors. the windows registry Back before USB, and before Windows started handling the allocation of IRQs (Think pre Win2000), if you had a winmodem (which usually by default installed on COM4), a mouse plugged into the COM2 port, and nothing in COM1 or 3, neither would work because they shared the same IRQ (3), and Windows wouldn't know what to do with them. 

This didn't happen in DOS, which would happily handle any COM port usage you threw at it.  I once bought a heater that stood up straight and was a sort of tower.

Now, this is fine by me but the problem was it had wheels on the bottom and the idea to me is that having a tower that creates a lot of heat and can set things on fire should probably be stable. Nope. This thing was as easy to knock over as a small child. The wheels went on the bottom sort of like this...

     |    |
     |    |
     |    |
()---()

One of the wheels was directly underneath and the other far out to the side. Who came up with this? Why is this a thing? Long story short, I decided upon a new heater. Bathroom stalls that are too small. I hate straddling the toilet just to get the door closed. 
When my pant leg brushes the side of the porcelain bowl- uggghhh disgusting. The handicap entrance of a building on campus opens to the landing if a stairwell.  Saw [this](imgur.com/a/YWoqT) recently in a dressing room at a clothing store, pretty ridiculous.  Toilets not having enough power to take the Browns to the Super Bowl.  Any car that lacks a sufficient amount of cup holders Airport bathrooms. How am I supposed to fit in a stall with my suitcase when the door swings in, and there are maybe 6 inches of space between the toilet and the open door? I am a petite woman and I struggle to get me and my suitcase in there. I have no idea how the average-sized person does it. Why not have the door open out, away from the toilet? Would that be so difficult? [usb](http://i.imgur.com/7X7Sisj.jpg) All the changes to youtube and the new Google homepage. Why do I have to click the grid to get those few other products I use. I preferred the design before the black bar; clean page with blue links at the top and no extra clicks.

Also, the new Slate page layout. Who the fuck thought it would be a good idea?? It's like everyone's using the Windows 8 metro design the fact that my penis and my brain work independently of each other.  On my Ford Mustang, the center console / arm rest has a button to open the center console. [My elbow sits DIRECTLY on top of said button](http://static.ed.edmunds-media.com/unversioned/img/long-term/misc/IMG_1685-thumb-717x537-121063.jpg) in-between shifting gears and it opens all the time. (photo is one I found online from other annoyed Mustang owners, not my own)

You'd think Ford would figure this easy stuff out after 100 years. At least the rest of the car is pretty damn awesome! 

 Back in the flip phone days I had one that would give a low-battery beep every few minutes about ~30 minutes before it would run out. It seemed like a nice feature until I realized that by turning down the volume of the phone the beep consumed less power and the phone would continue to idle for *hours*.  The light switch for my overhead light in my bedroom is on the opposite side of the room from my door, so I have to go completely through the room, tripping over my shit to turn on the light At my university in the bathrooms of a fancy, new, "green" building, there are those things that blow-dry your hands. They are placed right over the trashcans, so whenever you use them, any lightweight garbage blows out of the trash and all over the room.  WHY CAN'T I GET A NEW BATTERY FOR MY IPHONE!?

Seriously, the charge on this shit lasts like 5 hours max. I owned a Chevy aveo that had a plastic thermostat housing that melted from the engine heat and caused a coolant leak...the bitch literally fucking melted, I had to scrape bits off the engine because the plastic was cooking

The replacement part was galvanized steel

Fuck Chevy Facebook doesn't have dislike button.  69 - nose in ass. Congress. clothing companies that make womenswear for women without breasts. 

which means about 90% of the clothing available on the market :(  BMO ATM. You receive your card After you get your cash. I have seen 2 people forget their cards cause durr durr I have my cash I'm done with the ATM and walk away.

No you stupid machine, give me my card BEFORE I get my cash, so I'm not tempted to walk off without my bank card My G spot is in my ass. Eww. Who were the dick engineers who decided to allow car dashboard lights to be lit even when the headlights are off?  I have never seen so many dip-shits driving around with their headlights off at night because they can see their dashboard, Add to this that these cars display NO lights at the rear unless the headlights are on.

Those fuck wads, don't get me started... No start button on windows 8 seems pretty fucking stupid Why are no wallets big enough to fit notes in horizontally without having to fold them over a bit?  Really pisses me off.  Packets of rice. I defy anybody to open one of these things without rice scattering across the floor. The person that designed this should be ashamed http://img.dooyoo.co.uk/GB_EN/orig/0/8/2/4/1/824137.jpg [The antenna on the iPhone 4.](http://ipod.about.com/od/iphonetroubleshooting/qt/Iphone-4-Antenna-Problems.htm) It was especially bad if you were left handed because your hand would cover the little gap. Luckily it was easy enough to fix just by using a case, but I can't believe that they shipped a phone like that. [You could cause the attenuation problem with just one finger](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T90RwVaWfqo&amp;noredirect=1).  We used to have a surround shower and tub combo from 1982.  The shelving was so slanted that a shampoo bottle would slide off every time.  Second is to put legs on a bathroom cabinet.  Really?   There is some nasty stuff that can now collect and be hard to clean.  Cuisinart Coffeebar coffee grinder. Bought one, it just caught itself on fire within the first couple of seconds of use. I figured it was defective, so I got it replaced. New on lasted a few days before catching itself on fire also. I opened the lid and dumped the beans, found out the blades were too close to the inside of the grinder and so coffee beans get lodged in there, causing the motor to run like mad but not much else. Seriously, Cuisinart. You had one goddamn job to do! elevator and elevator machinery adjacent to apartments. you know, like anytime somebody calls it, it makes that annoying clank! (brakes release the cage), vvvrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr (motor), clank (brakes blocks the cage), people get in, and one more time clank! (brakes release the cage), vrrrrrrr (elevators up or down) and a last clank (brakes block the cage).

20-30 times a day, starting at 5AM until 11PM.

WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT ? Commercial dishwashers that are under-counter or pull-down style. They are not wide enough to hold a baking sheet horizontally, and some can't even fit them on an angle. If they designed the dishwashers to be a measly 2 inches or so wider, you would be able to fit 8 sheets/trays on an extra wide rack. Handles on jack stands. Grab handle and lift, smash fingers between handle and jack arm The microsoft office VBA api.  It's a mangled mess of different design philosophies, and is woefully underpowered.  And it's also vba... If my toilet seat lid is down in the apartment I am currently residing in, then the bathroom door won't open all the way... I finally live alone and still can't shit with the bathroom door open, it's a bummer. Ooh, I had a [thread like this](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1ni0xj/what_is_one_design_decision_in_a_product_that_you/) a couple of days ago so I will go with my ones from there.

&gt;  I can't understand why my shaving light / charger will only charge when the light is on. I end up leaving the light on all the time just so my shaver isn't dead when I come to use it.

&gt; Anther is why iOS devices make a noise when they are plugged in but not when they are unplugged. It is pretty difficult to accidentally plug one in but it would be useful to be notified when the cable slips out. Doors with a vertical handle too close to the edge of the door. As a lefty, I destroyed my knuckles on a sharp metal door frame because there isn't enough clearance between the handle and the frame as the door swings. 

But this door doesn't affect righties...  Where's Flanders's store when you need it? My 2011 Honda CRV: Awesome car, but one terrible flaw that I just found out about the hard way. The trunk can't be unlocked manually. That means if the battery dies you can't open the trunk. And without the trunk open it is impossible to get to the spare tire area which is where any rational person would keep their jumper cables. You're better than that Honda! Ceiling fans not showing the speed in some manner when pulling the cord (LEDs) One of my airsoft gun's battery compartments is incredibly easy to take off but it takes black magic to put it back on. [The n in 7-eleven is with a lower case n but the rest is in upper case](http://www.7-eleven.dk/wp-content/themes/7-eleven/images/logo.png) Bacon packaging is never resealable A saucepan with a metal handle Bus in Ontario(not sure how it is elsewhere).  
-the exit door is at midway of the bus.  
-the back of the bus is narrow and have stairs(because engine is at the back)    
-the back lack proper holding bars  

  
they want you to move to the back of the bus, but punish you with difficulty to stand and get off the bus. two usb ports so friggin close you can only fit one there. YOU'RE TAUNTING ME! :( Freeway on-ramps that are only a few feet behind freeway off-ramps. Fucking really civil engineers?  Glass doors that swing both ways but still have the push\pull sign. How (at least in the US where we drive on the right), about 2/3 of cars have the exhaust pipes on the right side...pointing to the right.

It's like, "fuck you, pedestrians! Eat smog!" Volume controls that fail to provide a useful "quiet" range. I have a tv that goes from 0 (mute), 1 (inaudible), 2 (inaudible), 3 (quiet), 4 (same as 3), 5 (wake up everyone in the house).

I realize this is actually a result of a poor quality amplifier. It is quite easy to take a signal and amplify it really loud. It requires higher quality electronics to provide a smooth curve of amplification. The ultimate test of an amp is to see how good it sounds when it is set on low. Of course every dude out there likes to put a really LOUD stereo in their car, or have a really LOUD home theater setup.

So the worst design flaw is actually PEOPLE. Log in to Reddit Mobile to comment on a post, get redirected to front page. The fact that 9 times out of 10 when you stretch and flex a bendy straw the fucking thing cracks The damned N64 controller. I don't have enough hands! Electoral districts. Window's 7 swipe left to cycle through open programs. Swipe right to search the computer. It is the worst. My toilet paper roll is on my left. MY LEFT. What am I? A barbarian? I drove a Mini once and tried to make the windows go down - reaching for the spot in EVERY car to do so. Mini designers decided to do things different.  Bathroom stalls where the toilet paper dispenser is put in such a place where it is about 3 inches from the right or left of the toilet just above the seat so it pushes up against you while you take a shit. I feel like it is a fuck you from architectural firms since I see it everywhere. Whoever started this bullshit should get something.. something that will hurt for a while. There was this law that was supposed to lower healthcare costs for everyone who had health insurance and provide insurance to those who didn't already have it.  When the law was implemented, health insurance costs skyrocketed for everyone who already had it and the law only covered a small pittance of the people it originally claimed would able to afford health insurance for the first time in their lives. Windows 8, PC environment. Geez, what a heaping steamy pile of feces. What? The right arrow key won't advance to the next photo from an SD card unless I import the temporary storage space into my library? The search charm doesn't actually find everything? The mouse is in the right spot for whatever I need but it hasn't appeared immediately because my processor is not as fast as an ever-present button, or maybe my multiple monitors are making relative supposed absolutes like "right edge." I want to play a video... no codec? Time to download VLC. Oh, it's a WMV file this should work- nope, an invite to join skydive is plastered over the video with no obvious way of making it go away. I'm looking at my photos with no way obvious way to rate or tag? Dude, Picasa came out a decade ago, why did I have it download this software just to look at my pictures and "star" the ones I like? No contextual menus? WTF? So Jobs was right: One button is enough for a mouse.

Back in 90's, when the Dodge pickup design was making it the cool kid on the block, and Ford was asked how the success of the Dodge design would affect plans at Ford, Ford said, "We aren't going to respond to a desperation move from an underdog competitor." This was obviously not really true, but it is a good starting point. 

I recently had the opportunity to set up a new computer lab for non-tech savvy people I'd be training. I had a choice: train them on the idiosyncrasies of Windows 8 vs Mac. I chose Mac. I have been living with 8 for a few months now, and I will be moving my personal and professional computing needs as far away from this monstrosity as possible.  I have until now been keeping things mixed up: iPhone, PC, hacked HP touch pad running Android. 
 The entirety of MyMathLab. Why are vaginas so damn close to butt holes? The design on some plungers where it traps water inside of the plunger.  So pretty much after you are done plunging your toilet you are left with this shit water inside of the plunger.  The water that gets trapped is so hard to get out you pretty much have to hose the thing down to get it all. My cornballer always burns me The Burger King Logo.

Its not possible to get rid of any part of the Logo although its well known to people already. This is because all the parts in the Logo are necesarry to make it work wich also leads to a very low recognition value. Because of that its hard for BK to make clever and easy advertising
[like this one for example:](http://themavesite.com/TMS-Pictures/2011-10/CleverMcDonaldsAd.jpg)

I could evaluate more on this but I think you get the point Water faucets in public restrooms that are too close to the sink. You can't help but rub your hands against the surface, where the person before you just did.... One time I saw some solar panels with the wiring piled on top of the light collector instead of behind it. [like so](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Retina)

One time I saw a vehicle that absolutely couldn't tolerate getting fluids into the air intake, and yet nearly all fluid intake had to pass directly over the opening of the air intake. [like so](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vertebrate_trachea)

One time I saw a playground built directly adjacent to a waste disposal center. [like so](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulva) **NSFW**

One time I saw a vehicle that had some of its most valuable and fragile components just hanging out on the outside. [like so](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Testicles) NSFW?

etc Allowing one branch of the Government to shut down all the other branches because they can't play nice. iphone...there is no "block call" feature. Even my very first flip phone had that little gem !!  (no! I'm not downloading an app for that!) Public bathroom flushers. Why even put the handle like you would on a home toilet? Put a peddle type flusher at the bottom so you just have to kick it. 

If you're gonna have a public toilet without automatic flushing, then you certainly should have this (I know *some* places do, but definitely not the majority).   Fukushima Daiichi:  13m tsunami overwhelmed the plant's seawall, which was only 10m high.  The emergency generators that circulated the cooling water were flooded, as they were barely above sea level. how about macbook chargers where the wire frays like once a year and the charger costs like 80 dollars to replace. One of the spikes on the statue of liberties crown went straight into her arm and during construction they had to change the design to make all 13 spikes fit. You would think prior to building a giant statue hundreds of feet high, you would make a model or something to make sure you got all the dimensions right.  [deleted] Network drivers need to update to get online. Need internet to update drivers. When I lost my credit card, I googled "citibank lost card." Found something on the website that said "to report your credit card lost or stolen, please call xxx-xxx-xxxx." Called the number, instantly greeted with "Please enter your 16 digit credit card number, followed by the pound sign." Am I supposed to have it memorized? Wtf. When I was in Boy Scouts we had a high adventure trip to go white water rafting out in Colorado. The night after we finished rafting we slept on a military base in one of the equipment barns they had for storage. Found a Powerade machine there that took your dollar and once you made a selection, would dispense all the Powerades left of that flavor and refund your dollar. Cleared the machine of 70 Powerades that night for free.  "To Open Push Here" on Kraft Mac and Cheese. Clarence just realized that this post is a cleverly disguised list of first world problems. Reproductive organs right next to a waste dump. The [imperial system](http://www.kaero.wz.cz/jokes/imperial-vs-si.png). Just why??? -.- Apples earphones... Or are my ears just weird? Electronic E-Brakes in new cars.  In case of an emergency, we should be able to adjust how much "brake" we need to apply.  It's just stupid to have it as either "on or off" and nothing in between.

Touch screen head units.  When your eyes are on the road, it's very easy to find and turn a volume knob.  If it is instead a touch screen, you HAVE to take your eyes off the road to adjust volume.

There's an automatic soap dispenser at my work that is right over the sink next to the faucet.  Many times it will accidentally shoot goo all over my sleeve while I'm washing my hands. more of a design logic flaw - usually found in public restrooms. You wash your hand clean and then have to use a paper dispenser which requires you to pull on a dirty ass lever that is normally covered in damp nastyness and completely goes against the idea of why you just washed your hands in the first place..you then have to open the bathroom door by using another grubby handle..basically your hands are dirtier after leaving Almost all of the disabled public toilets I've ever had the displeasure of using.

Imagine yourself restricted to a manual wheelchair for a moment - you push yourself around via specialised rims that you grab with your hands.

Let's assume the local able-bodied asshat hasn't decided that having a child to look after is a disability, or that they just wanted some elbow room.  Start with entry.

Only a few places have electronically locked sliding doors - most have a regular door that usually opens inward.  The few of those sliding doors have a button to Open, and a button to Lock... Notice anything missing?  You probably have about 5 seconds left once the door finally closes to lock it and get your butt naked and onto the pot before something nasty happens.

Now you're finished the business, and you need to wash your hands.  The sink is on the other side of the room (which you can't walk to), so you use the chair.  The sink is a regular-sized sink, so it's either high enough to get your knees under but now you get water up your sleeves, or at the right height for arms but since your knees don't go under the tap is almost beyond reach.  Soap is always right by the sink, so that's cool - where's the dryer/dispenser?  On the neighbouring or back wall which you can't reach from sitting at the sink.  You have to push yourself over there.  Now you may as well not have washed your hands, since you've used the rims.  Also, your rims are now wet and as slippery as fuck.

Ok, eventually you get your hands and the rims dry with toilet paper or hand towels and it's time to leave.  The sliding door here is great.  The regular door... That usually opens inward, remember?  You can only pull the door by moving the whole chair backward.  So you hold the door handle with one hand and wheel back with the other.  You promptly turn through 180 degrees, pulling the door in front of you - now you're backed hard up against the wall, jammed between it and the door.

FFS!

There are ways around all of these issues, but it shouldn't be necessary - and you have to prepare for them in advance.  The first time you encounter any of these issues, it can make for some real head scratching and really spoiled mood. The bat signal would only work at night so daytime villains could probably do whatever they want  Windows 8.  Goddamn it's terrible.   Most public bathrooms:

1. Automatic soap dispenser
2. Automatic sink
3. Automatic paper towel dispenser
4. Pull door handle Fucking hinges on Sony notebooks.  Not the worst since I can't think of anything, but supplement containers. Bought a pre-workout and now at the point where I need to grab the scoop and get the remaining powder from the bottom, except my hand barely fits in the top. I ran into this (SpongeBob "water squirter")[http://distilleryimage11.ak.instagram.com/84405218270111e3969522000a9f14e8_8.jpg] in Ocean City in September.

I never saw well endowment as one of his selling points, but whatever. The regular USB plug.  It never goes in properly.  Either it's upside-down, or when it's rightside-up it fails to go in and feels like it might be upside-down.

Then when USB 3.0 comes out, they figure out how to stick more pins into the same connector on the regular plug.

The micro 3.0 is some weird double plug, that is not compatible with the old micro connector. But at least the Mini and Micro plugs are asymmetrical and easier to figure out if you're using them upside down so you don't jam it in the wrong way. Many new GM cars require taking the entire front bumper off to change a headlight.  salsa.  fucking.  jars. USB plugs, the most universal computer connector ever and it can only go in one way Clitoris not inside vagina. Who puts recreation and sewage next to eachother?  Scissors being sold in that impenetrable hard plastic wrapping.  mothafuggin coffee pots that pour coffee everywhere but into your cup This shredder:
http://www.goecolifenow.com/media/catalog/product/cache/26/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/g/o/goecolife-gmc120d-cross-cut-shredder.jpg

I have one in my office, and it has a 'help' button..  If you press 'help' the first thing it tells you is to make sure the shredder is plugged in, and that the outlet is active.
Seriously?!?!?!?  If it wasn't plugged in, the help button wouldn't do anything.. won't be seen but i'm shocked at not seeing this anyway:

Many years ago, Buike (spelling?) and I am sure other car companies would make the same exact key for the same exact model car. 

A girl friend of mine went to church with her family and when they walked out, they got into the wrong Buike by unlocking it with her own key.  Trying to open up any laptop ever, want to get to the fan? That will require 3 hours of disassembly. Congress. AMIRITE? I95 through Philadelphia. Someone left a two meter exhaust port exposed in my fully operational battle station.

Boy did that turn out bad. The Apple Podcast App The egg tray in my fridge only holds 11 eggs 3.5mm headphone plug is the worst thing ever. As your device gets older you have to jiggle it and let go of it very carefully to get both channels. It is never mentioned and everybody just deals with it. This might not be the *worst* design flaw but has anyone else noticed how stupid it is when razors (like for shaving) have plastic covers you have to slide ***sideways*** to take off? WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CUT YOURSELF ON A RAZOR GOING DOWN. NOW WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CUT YOURSELF ON A RAZOR GOING SIDEWAYS. CASE. CLOSED. Light switch behind the door. Open the door, walk into the room, close the door leaving you in complete darkness, find the switch. VW diesel cars. The intercooler collects moisture in the lower charge (air intake) pipes below freezing temperature. When the vehicle is shut off, the moisture accumulates there, becoming ice and blocking the pipe so the engine can't get the air it needs to start. If the customer is smart, the vehicle is towed to the dealer and a new intercooler is installed. If not, the ice thaws, and when a starting attempt is made, water is sucked into the combustion chamber, hydrolocking the cylinder and slightly bending a connecting rod. Then I'm tasked with replacing it when the inevitable check engine light comes on. On keyless entry models of the 2008 Nissan Altima, if your battery dies, you can't open the trunk using the lever, and there's no manual way to do so, either. No worries, I'll just store my jumper cables on my backseat from now on instead of the most logical place for them. Such a bullshit design flaw, IMO. Gas Station Algorithm:

    (1) Do you have a bonus card?
    yes
    (2) Please scan bonus card.
    [scans bonus card]
    (3) Would you like to redeem x cents per gallon?
    yes
    (4) Select payment method.
    credit
    (5) Please insert and remove card.
    [inserts and removes card exactly as in diagram]
    (6)  Error reading card.  GOTO (1)

Seriously guys!?  You can't just take me back to step (5)?  Now the people waiting beyond me are going to have to wait another 90 seconds, every time I retry, until I give up and try another payment method. trachea intersects with esophagus. WTF? A british house. The fuckers don't know how pipes works. The car battery of my Chevy HHR is in the trunk. The door to the trunk is electrically operated. Meaning if the battery dies, the door doesn't open and you can't reach the battery. Babies. They have a soft spot covering the most important organ of their body. Extremely poor design. Congress. The port on the Death Star that allowed the rebels to blow it up with a single lucky shot. The round mouse that came with the candy colored iMacs. For a company knows for its attention to detail, this was all kinds of dumb. The orientation would shift, but you couldn't tell since no matter how you grabbed it always felt round. You'd move the mouse up and down and watch the cursor shoot off to the right. A government that allows idiot Congressmen representing fringe interests to hold the economy hostage over a bill that they have already attempted to repeal over 40 times which was also held as constitutional by the Supreme Court.  Real life gets way too hard past level 18, the grind's been killing me for years and I wish the admin altered the customisation settings. The Superman game for N64, not any single thing but the entire game. [The Cornballer]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmwYF-28nZY&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player) Itunes. The government Windows 8 Printers. US HEALTHCARE [deleted] The PSP not having a second analog stick. The [NFL logo](http://americanfootballfilms.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/nfl-logo.jpg).

Just look at the awkward spacing between the bottoms of the letters and the crest. Sigh.
 Cornballer... http://youtu.be/ps6mpuJuF54 You have to have experience to become an apprentice?????

GGGGGRRRRRRRRR AARRRRRGGGHHHHH now put the ice cream down and go and have a word with yourself. A womans asshole is inches from her vagina. You don't open a 5 star restaurant next to the dump.  As a lefty, i encounter design flaws on a daily basis
 Flip one switch, measure the temperature, flip two switches, destroy the main heater in the plant and possibly cause an an explosions.

Thermocouples man.   My stupid, hateful, miserable POS ice-maker that opposes gravity. Never oppose gravity. Deciding that typing on glass was a good idea. My face :( A while back ago in Greece, I saw a tree right in the middle of the street. A paved street. They didn't bother cutting it off, nor not building the streeet there. I'm sure it's still there right now. At any given time, my nose is never more than three feet away from my asshole.  A light fixture where you cannot reach the bulbs to change them. http://www.ulextra.com/en_produits_detail.php?produits_id=426#produit the dryer door and the laundry closet door open in opposite directions. so no matter where I put laundry supplies (on the right or on the left) I have a swinging door to battle. quite frustrating. German car cup holders  "No keyboard detected, press any key to continue." Glow in the dark book. The words do not glow in the dark. Damn cereal box tabs always break on me too easy not a physical thing, but banks and their opening hours.  automatic toilets, automatic sinks, automatic air dryers, manual door.  The Pringles package is great at not crushing the chips but once you eat half, you can't reach the rest. Modern English. I wouldn't even know where to start.  Coach airplane seats.  Where else do you get to take the room of another (and it's tight for everyone) to make yourself more comfortable?   
 Rabbits eating their own shit in order to absorb nutrients from their food.  Vehicles where you have to pull the whole engine out to do *general* maintenance.  avacyn restored, you know what mean :) All roads in Boston The original Nintendo DS had the power button right above the D-pad. Whenever you pushed up, 75% of the time you would shut the entire system off.  Door handles. If you've ever had to replace one, it's fucking impossible. The screws are behind the handle, you have to hold the screwdriver at an awkward angle in order to take them out and to put them back in. And the entire process of putting the screws back in a problem at the same level of the Gordian Knot. You have to place them back in, while the door handle is inside the door, and the screws are moving all over the place and missing the narrow tube you have the place them in - which, by the way, you can't see.
 
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/Gold_doorknob_crop.jpg

Fuck door handles, man.  The hinges on my laptop broke right after the year warranty, now I can't close it without fear of breaking the screen. As a janitor, every single building ever created.

You just cant clean some places without banging your head in a cramped space. Email clients that have "Save Draft" and "Send" right next to each other. Peugeot 206
When it rains and you open the boot, the water runs down the lid and directly onto the CD changer. the human spine? i once had a neurosurgeon tell me "We just weren't designed to walk the way we do" when I asked why so many people have back problems. Wtf kind of thing is that to have? Windows 8.  Everything. Scissors, when bought new, come packaged up with a convenient **hard** plastic tie that you can only open with scissors... My 2001 Subaru Outback had a 6 CD changer at the bottom of the center control panel. You could only put a CD in with the car in drive. Used to drive me nuts!  I was in a bar in Austria. Sankt. Michael I believe. The bar seats were stuck in the ground, but there was too much distance between the seats and the (also high) table. You could reach out to grab your beer, but not lean on the table. Plus, the bar seats were so high your feet did not touch the ground. And there was nothing to support your feet. This in combination with the table being to far away was ***really*** annoying.  Bathrooms where there are only hand driers and you have to pull the door open to exit. On any desktop iMac - having the USB ports on the back of the machine, so that I have to get up off my seat, turn the mac around so I can see what I'm doing and fumble around for a free USB port, then put adjust the mac back to its position so i can see it properly again... only to repeat the process when I take the USB key out. I bought a headlamp for use while camping/stargazing, and one of the main features was that if you don't want to use the super bright white LEDs, you can use red LEDs to preserve your night vision.  The headlamp has only one button that cycles between modes.  The red LED is only reachable if you first turn on the white. The Buick Skyhawk, Chevy Monza, Pontiac Sunbird, and Olds Starfire of the '75-'80 model years with the 3.8 liter V-6 required the removal of the engine in order to change spark plugs. I once bought a juice jug. The bottom was narrower than the top so it would fall over when it was full. On top of that, the little spout was so poorly designed that it would spill everywhere when you tried to pour. YOU HAD ONE JOB, JUICE JUG! ONE JOB. In my bedroom there is one wall outlet. If you plug anything into it, you can't open the door anymore because it will be blocked by the plug. My work laptop has a touch sensitive power button directly above the page up and down buttons. For someone who uses those keys a lot it's a right pain.  Door handles that violate door handle norms. A handle on the door indicates pulling; a flat panel where the door handle would be indicates pushing. A vertical handlebar indicates pulling; a horizontal handlebar indicates pushing. 

That, plus double-doors where only one of the doors is unlocked. 

Between the two of those, businesses have lost hundreds of dollars of revenue from me because I thought they were closed and/or was too embarrassed to go in. Whenever you click an e-mail address online it tries to open in Outlook.

Outlook is the shittiest piece of shit I've ever used. Why would it not go to gmail or hotmail...nope...outlook. The door handles on my 1980 Dodge Omni 024.  The snapped off like twigs, both sides, causing me to have to climb in through the hatch every time I wanted to lock my car.

Went to the junkyard to get replacement handles.  When I told the guy my make and model, he smiled, pulled a box out from under the counter, and dumped out a whole shit-ton of Dodge Omni door handles.

"Everyone comes here looking for them," he tells me.  "So often, that we keep the box right here by the register." Tried to log into a website; forgot the password. Ok, I'll have them email a reset password to me. Try the new temporary password that they gave me. 
"This password does not have at least 8 characters"
Can't log in to website. Have to email the admin. Zippers on men's pants.  What genius decided to put a row of razor-sharp teeth THERE. My phone can't automatically switchover to whichever internet source is faster' (cell or wifi) and can't tell the difference between a good signal and actual ability to access internet. If I dint have the password already in the phone or the browser don't switch to it. And don't freak the fuck out when switching, let the signal you're switching too go for a little bit before swapping...if Tarzan could figure that shit out, I'm pretty sure its doaable...in fact, just use both for double speed and divvy up the tasks. Worst Design Flaw = ITUNES trying to wipe your god-damn iphone/ipod every time you plug it in to another computer, horribly slow program, annoying, resource hog and difficult to use for basic things  My nipples. They're just POINTLESS!  GTA 5 Online... "Keyboard not connected, press f1 to continue" The fucking goddamn Danino yogurt bottles. They have a retarded curvature which prevents you from drinking all the yogurt. And the plastic lip is as sharp as a razor. Yes, I like to drink my yogurt. "Naked City".  Our name in my hometown for a hotel that had bathroom windows installed with the frosted side inside, so that you could plainly see anyone in the bathrooms from outside. Windows 8 "Start" text and their lock screen on a desktop. auto flush toilet, it flushes everytime I move, ends up wasting a lot of water Human beings.
 there's a pole in the middle of my kitchen that keeps the ceiling up.

I can't open two cabinets and a drawer because of it. Surprised it's not among the top answers: that presumably cheap glue that is always stronger than the yogurt (etc.) lids that it sticks down. Keyboard not present. Press F1 to continue. The clitoris is on the outside of the vagina The iPhone, or any smart phones with easily breakable flat screens.  It just takes that one drop or wrong angle hit, SHATTERED.  One time at work we ordered a toolkit because we needed a screwdriver. They sent us [this](http://i.imgur.com/Od0Tuvf.jpg).

If you don't feel like opening the image, the toolkit is secured shut with a screw. Chrysler. 'Nough said.  Congress.  touchscreen keyboards.  The technology is still far from flawless.   Automatic faucets. All of them. Macbook fucking keyboards. Not being able to open the case from the top so that the keyboard can be replaced more efficiently? That was fucking why I went back to a windows laptop. The repair cost was stupidly expensive and too much bullshit involved to be bothered anymore. The human being stupid thing gets sick, old and dies! The "first-past-the-post" design of the voting system in American elections. It's the main reason we have two big political parties with no room for other voices, which causes a lot of problems with our democracy. FUCKING PRINGLES MAN!!! 

 Breathing and eating through the same hole. Being left-handed. Windows Vista. Jesus christ the fucking Hug Mug^TM . 

You know why coffee mugs have handles? So you won't burn your hands while you're drinking your delicious hot beverage. You know why coffee mugs aren't oval shaped? So it doesn't look like you're pouring a miniature toilet full of brown liquid down your throat. The geniuses at one particular Las Vegas restaurant have decided to throw the years of  coffee mug innovation that designed and improved upon these very basic principles out the window in favor of the Hug Mug^TM . 

When the waitress brought my hot chocolate to the table, I was visibly confused at what had been set before me. What looked like a mug-sized bowl in the shape of a toilet steamed with hot, brown liquid. I felt the need to call an adult and managed to raise my hand. The waitress approached and asked if everything was alright. I met her question with my own - one I never thought I would ask regarding basic drinking vessel technology: "How do you drink this?" 

"Easy!" she replied cheerily. "Just wrap your hands around it and drink through the spout!" 

Yes, I was to make maximum surface area contact with a slick miniature toilet full of piping hot chocolate drink, maintain an awkward and unnatural wrist position while I lifted it from the table, over the prime spill zone of my lap to my mouth, then pour the steamy brown murk from the toilet into my face? Of course! It makes perfect sense! 

It was one of the most disappointing chocolate experiences of my life.  The "s" in the word "lisp." Whoever did that was both a genius and an asshole. My balls are on the outside. When we rebuilt our cabin, we went with the design that included 2 light switches for the same light in locations that if you stood in one spot you can reach both. "NO Keyboard Detected! Press F1 to Resume" An apartment building near the bottom of a hill had a basement with three steps leading down from street level, but there was no drain at the bottom of the steps. Every time it rained, the basement would flood.

Eventually, the owners just gave up and permanently kept sandbags along the bottom of the door. Windows 8 Older ATM machines had a motor that would suck in your card and spit it out at the end of the transaction... People frequently forgot to wait for their card after getting their money. Now it is more common to find machines that have a swiper where the user never let's go of the card. 

An example of low tech being better than high tech.  The bottom button on a suit.  KC Hyatt Regency Skywalk Collapse. As originally designed, one piece tie rods with washers and reinforcing boxes held only the weight of a single skywalk it was attached to. The long tie rods was replaced with short rods mounted at each skywalk and attaching it independently at each skywalk. The result was at the upper skywalks the washers and box reinforcing not only held the weight of that skywalk but all the skywalks below it.  Also the 2 piece welded C Channel making the box reinforcing had the rod and washers going through the weld. You did not need to be an engineer to see these problems. Humans. 

http://atheismandme.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/NDTstupidDesign.jpg
 I'm a wheelchair user and I really can't decide on the many times something "acessible" was anything but.  I'm in a classroom right now that has a ramp to get in that is like half a foot wide.  And my professor is also a chair user!  We gave to get help to get in our classroom.  Le sigh. The space between the car seat and the center console, which is big enough for everything to fall into, but too small for your hand. My mother has this thing she bought in the 1970's called a cornballer. Without fail, you get burned by it every damned time. Horrible design. I have to take off the right, front wheel to remove the oil filter in my 2004 Acura TSX. I was once at a boat show checking out Jennaeu boats. A representative was explaining to us that they have a feature that allows the boats to sit on the shore when the tide goes out without tipping over. She explained that this feature could be used to paint your boat to which my buddy replied "Paint the boat before the tide comes in?!?!" [http://imgur.com/a/gI7Lp](http://imgur.com/a/gI7Lp)

In this recently abandoned house, the roof drains water straight into the siding of the house, between the garage and the kitchen. A sizable chunk of the ceiling downstairs under the fridge is now on the floor, not to mention the mold problem in the wall... American Standard 'Tropic' widespread bathroom faucet: look at the installation instructions; consider the typical mineral deposits in local water supplies. Good luck servicing or replacing something you can't grip from the inside. The vending machine at work won't give you your change back until after the machine has returned the vending arm to the default position.

I waited for it to keep trying to recalibrate for about 3 minutes before I just gave up on my $.75

Fuck Royal Vending Co.!

Also, 4-2-3-1 4lyfe. My whole goddam apartment.  Washer is in front of the house (outside, as is typical in Japan), place to hang the laundry is in the back.  Shower is in the kitchen, I shit you not.  Anything that requires plumbing (toilet, shower/bath, washing machine, kitchen sink) is all on the same side of the house because the builder couldn't have been  bothered to pay for a few extra meters of pipe.  No doorbell, missed my packages from Amazon countless times.  Living room has two big glass doors leading outside.  Can't put the TV there of course.  Only other place is the corner on the left.  No electrical outlet and oh yeah, no fucking cable outlet either.  That's in the bedroom, so I have to run a cable from there to the living room.  Enter my apartment, no light switch.  I have to walk in a few steps, turn left and find the switch that runs the bathroom light and fan because they builder didn't want to spend the extra cash for one more switch at the door.

Computer desk also has to be in the living room because the bedroom has tatami mats.  But no electrical outlet in the living room in that corner (actually, blocking those sliding glass doors) so I have to run an extension cord from the bedroom.  I hate this place!!! I have a friend that got into that whole Amway/Quixtar type of pyramid scheme business. They supplied him a website with access to all the products etc. He was trying to get me to purchase something from him but I knew all about what he was getting involved with, but I thought I'd humour him.

Looking through his inventory I saw some water bottles that were $14 for 12 of them. I thought that was a little pricey for water so I read the description thinking maybe it was made of angel tears.

In the description I read "refillable one-time use water bottles".

I read it again; "refillable one-time use water bottles".

And again. And again.

And again.

 I see this on a lot of appliances like TVs and their remotes, but I see it on other products as well: dark blue lettering on black buttons, or lettering too small. Black buttons on a black background is another. Not everyone has eagle-eye vision. I work at a deli with a salad bar that has to be defrosted and cleaned every night. The drain is located on the wall of the salad bar instead of the bottom.


My mother lives in an apartment with a small bathroom. The sink sticks out too far for the door to close, but instead of not installing that sink, the building managers just cut a chunk out of the door so it will close. Human body, the weak points are RIGHT OUT IN THE OPEN.  I can't plug something into my car's cigarette lighter and have a drink in the cup holder.  Way to go, Mazda.   Door handles that are designed to be pulled, but the door needs to be pushed. Makes me look like an idiot. The yellow pages website. The entire thing is garbage. My university's library has outlets at every seat... but they're too close to the table so Mac chargers cannot fit into them -_-

I would estimate that over 70% of campus (including myself) owns Mac laptops so its pretty frustrating The HTML drop down menu to select a state. It should be standardized to either the abbreviation or the states full name. And should be able to find a state by typing either the first few letters of the state or It's abbreviation. So to find Florida, I could type either FL or Flor.  You have to remove the bumper cover on the new 911 to change the air filters, I'm certainly grateful my car does not employ this design. Oh my god, I *hated* my Samsung Haven\*. Some idiot developer put "Delete contact" next to "Send message" in a menu, *then reversed the two* if you went one level deeper. If I knew who did that, I would probably put a brick in their face.


*Don't laugh at me. It was cheap. The school system  Flux capacitor needing nuclear power. 2003 Ford Focus SVT

The exhaust manifold wrapped over the top and then under the motor. the lowest spot on the car was the manifold. Which I happened to crush a few times. 

Ford even admitted this and started paying for it. Why the hell do bath tub designers put the bar soap holder right where the shower spits all its water? I shower once and half my soap is gone by the time I'm done cause the water just eats away at it. What the crap.  The Wendy's Frosty spoon.  Every telephony system ever that makes you put in your account number and pick a department, only to repeat it several more times as you navigate from department to department because none of them apply to your issue. The classic one that you hear about as a designer is 3 mile island nuclear power plant. 

 Dials that were set out so they looked nice but hard to read

Lights that lit up when something was open. Not when it was not functioning. So some lights needed to be on and some off for it to be working. 

The lights connected to the circuit used by the switch. Not connected to a sensor on the valve. so when you switch the switch the light went on to show you had switched it. It said nothing about if the relay was working or if the valve was open or not.  

So ye it almost blew up a bit of America. But provided interaction design lecturers with lots of examples. 

(This is from memory of a lecture I had 2 or 3 years ago, so I might have some bits wrong)  Blackberry Playbook Tablet:  Won't charge if the battery is too low. Not the worst maybe but I Pontiac Firefly it's not possible to put a pepsi can in cupholder when lever is on PARK. Nissan pathfinder w/ HID headlights. You have to remove the whole front end to change the corner light bulbs. I changed to LED so I *never* have to do that again. That my arm and shoulder get in the way when spooning.  Bathroom stall doors that swing inward... 3 inches from the toilet seat. I'm sorry but my knees and body will not fit between the 3 inch space and I'm forced to nearly knock the stalls over to squeeze out of the door. 

PS. I'm writing this while taking a dump in the handicapped stall. Before you ask... There are no handicapped persons on site today... I checked.  In my house the toilet is located directly in front of the window which happens to open just at waist height.

So if someone happens to have left the window open you end up exposing your penis (assuming you have one) to the entire neighborhood when you pee.   Doors that you push with handles. Just don't do it. It drives me crazy and makes me look dumb. No, writing push doesn't solve the problem. I work in a five star hotel and when it rains the entrance floods completely because there is a gap between the driveway canopy and the building. My job as concierge means I am always the first person a disgruntled guest will see after their shoes have filled with water. Windows 8 on pc How about literally any bathroom stall in America? Gaps between the doors two or threes inches wide. Provides a direct line of sight from wherever in the bathroom people stand the most to your penis, without fail. I used to work at a large software company that had critical software running in many large hospital systems in the US. While working there I was surprised to learn that the software had a serious "Y2K" problem, ie, after a certain date the software would completely fail, and not be able to save any new patient data. Out of curiosity I went ahead and calculated the exact date that the software would fail; IIRC it was 2130-something. Millions of lines of code had already been built on top of this design flaw, and the company had no immediate plans to fix it.  Cell phones that start to beep or vibrate to warn you the battery is low, further draining the battery. Lotus Notes.

That is all. GM cars turn on the white reverse lights.... when people are opening the doors and loading their groceries!  I instinctively want to save the woman and her infant who is about to get run over while loading her groceries in the back. Short handle (6 inch)  plunger Toilet urinals that reflect piss In my apartment bathroom, the area of the bathtub between the wall and the actual tub (I use it as a seat sometimes) angles down towards the wall, so that a puddle of water gathers everytime I take a shower. Windows is not responding.  Would you like to close the program?  Aaand then I closed windows.  Just a desolate blank screen after that.  The Nissan Xterra had a flip-up sun roof and a cargo rack on top.  Both came standard and the cargo rack prevents the sun roof from opening. A high chair for a baby that attaches to the edge of the table rather than be a separate chair resting on the floor. As you might suspect, the high chair can unbalance a table and tip it over with the baby in the chair. Almost saw it happen once, fortunately someone caught the table in time.

Worst design ever. in windows the 'Delete' in the context menu that shows up when you right click on the desktop is right next to the 'Create Shortcut' item. So when you want to delete the 10 things you've highlighted, you end up creating 10 shortcuts to 10 things you wanted deleted. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/56/N64-Controller-Gray.jpg/250px-N64-Controller-Gray.jpg Poor design for the controls in nuclear power plants. Like [Fukushima recently](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/06/fukushima-nuclear-plant_n_4055476.html), and [Chernobyl](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chernobyl) and [Three Mile Island](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~meshkati/pap3.html) in the past. The trunk to my car won't open when the battery is dead, and the lever that folds down the seats is inside the trunk. Figured this out when my battery died and my jumper cables were locked in the trunk.  Busy/popular bars with a single toilet bathroom.  Glass Heinz Ketchup bottles. “We notice things that don't work. We don't notice things that do. We notice computers, we don't notice pennies. We notice e-book readers, we don't notice books.”


― Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt The human knee.  A few months ago, I bought the supposed best smartphone in the world. It only had one navigation button. I returned it for the supposed second best smartphone in the world. It had three navigation buttons. Navigation buttons are like tits: one is not enough, three is too many. Rooms that are supposed to be hallways. The laundry room I my house is the only way to get to the garage from inside the house. I hate this more than anything.   Facebook revamps.  The only 2 cup holders in the driver and passenger area of my car are directly in front of the 2 central air/heat vents.  Totally fucks with the  temp of my drinks. Windows 8, user hostile. touch os on none touch system. Assisted Aiming is ruining GTA Online!!! I used to betatest software years ago and had an argument with McAfee developers with one of their programs I don't recall if it was Internet Security or just plain antivirus but after 10 times of wrong passwords it would let you log in to the account.

I indicated the flaw but they said it wasn't a flaw because you couldn't access internet. My response was so what's the point of creating a security hole to bypass Windows' user cred but it blocks you from gaining access to the internet while leaving the rest of the computer open? Origin login on the Sims 3.  That thing is fucked.  Acting at least a little bit different to fit in socially.  Judging people based on their appearance. Caring what other people think. Deep down inside everyone's got a little soft spot in their heart. Sometimes we just refuse to admit when that spot's been hurt. Just kinda hold my balls when I'm watching TV or just sittin' around. I dunno, is there some kinda girl equivalent for this?

edit: Okay, looks like resting hands on boobs is a winner. There's the other option where she's just cuppin' where the balls *would* be, and that also fits!

Good job, team. Thinking about how a situation would work out / what you would do in a certain situation, like you are getting involved in a robbery or somebody threatens somebody you know / a stranger sth like that.
 talk to their pet like people Dwelling on past mistakes or embarrassing moments. Viewing yourself as the exception to a rule or a moral dilemma.  "Yes, normally you shouldn't steal, but this is an extra special circumstance...there's some cool shit that fell off a truck and no one is around, and I want it." I'm pretty sure other people might do this but not admit to it:  Get into imaginary fights with people you know inside your head.  Husbands friend pisses you off?  Sit there in your office chair making weird faces and occasionally grunting because you're screaming at them in your head.   frownable fetish faps. Checking yourself out as you walk by your reflection - not necessarily in a mirror. This may be walking by a car and seeing your reflection in the windows, or the windows of a store. You know you do it! Pick their nose.  Smell test t-shirts and re-wear them if they're not funky. Everyone has their special shitting place at work or school.

Edit: I now know where you all shit! I'm going to come to your offices and we'll have a mexican standoff! Nobody really knows what they're doing with their life.  I think our verbalized ambitions are just placeholders so that we don't just say, "yeah, don't really know where I'm going to end up." Caring about the people you grew up with like your Facebook friends. In the sense that you still feel like you need to impress them/do better than them. Even though most of the people I know are dumb/annoying I still feel pretty great when they wish me Happy Birthday or like statuses no matter how empty the intention behind it is.  Occasionally gives themselves a Dutch Oven. Not all the time but every now and then you lift the blanket to see what you're cooking up down there. After fingering a girl for the first time, smelling the stank on your fingers is an after action necessity. I'm pretty sure every teenage male would blow himself if he could. Many have tried, many have failed. 

I MEAN UH...PEEING IN THE POOL, YEAH, PEEING IN THE POOL. 

^^that's ^^good. ^^very ^^normal. ^^nice ^^save, ^^self.
 Thinks about killing someone in detail, I think everyone has been that pissed once in their life. We all have day dreams/ Fantasies in which all our family dies and how we would react and be the hero or go on a killing spree. 

Also no matter where we are, if it's for an extended period of time, we contemplate what we would do if a gunmen came in.  Scratch their balls then smell their hand. For the guys anyway. Girl here. When I get out of the shower and wrap my towel around my body, I pretend I'm a fashion designer and I've created this towel masterpiece for the runway. I wrap it differently every time, sometimes even over the shoulder. I also narrate the process of putting on makeup in my head as if I were creating a video tutorial. After removing your underwear, flinging it into the air with your feet and then catching them. Fooling yourself you did something right just so you wont do it again  I had a friend once who just denied ever spanking it. He was 17. WHAT A FILTHY LIAR HE WAS! Practicing conversations in their heads in advance.


[Yes, I just copied my comment from the post about this same topic 2 weeks ago](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1mpnk4/whats_something_that_many_people_do_but_few_admit/ccbf0nj?context=3). After taking a shit, looking at it for awhile before you flush it. Browse Reddit at work. Looking at yourself in the mirror when working out stalking people on facebook, linkedin &amp;c. Masturbate while thinking about your best friend's SO. Sprinting fast as fuck out of a room after turning the lights off. You check after you wipe. Dont fuck with me. You and I both know we all do. So help me jesus dont tell me you don't. Being somewhat attracted to a cousin or distant relative. Wishing a tragedy on that girl you like so you can be the one that comforts her and then fuck her.

...right? Crop dusting elevators. Everybody Lies. Stuff loose change into their anus before going to the gym.  Have an ass exploding case of diarrhea.  Except for girls, girls don't poop. day dream about all the stuff you would do or steal if you could freeze time Listen to shitty pop music Watch porn. Oh the lies we tell our girlfriends Enjoy the song 'Trouble' by Taylor Swift. Cropdusting on a busy escalator.  The 45 degree angle of ascent guarantees full facial fertilization of the ensuing riders. Personally mine is peeing in the shower. We all do it. Caring about imaginary internet points (karma). A man may be smart and have a good heart,But a liar he is, who denies smelling his own fart. Shitting on Debra's desk. In the car alone? Music is playing? You're definitely being filmed in the music video right now. Better make sexy faces while you sing and look straight at the camera! Er, road, I meant road... Talks to themself or pretends to date their favorite celebrity mentally


 Retell jokes and/or stories as our own. Putting the gallon of milk back into the fridge with just enough left to severely disappoint the next person who wants cereal. sniffing your fingers after scratching your bum... Ive never pooped in my entire life It may be only me, but, after watching a tv show for long periods of time (like personal marathons or something) I feel like I act a bit like the character. For instance, After watching some Doctor Who with the tenth Doctor, I acted more energetic. Then after watching Breaking Bad, I was a bit of a jerk. Anyone else? I bite my toenails off the same way I bite my fingernails.  Only if I can't rip it off, though.  I always thought there had to be SOMEBODY else that did this.  Or I could be a freak.   Pissing in the sink. 

or maybe I'm just weird.
 Imagining what your kids would look like. Even before the first date. People who pee in the shower would say "peeing in the shower." The ones I've known have been absolutely convinced of this. When I point out that I've never done it they tell me I'm lying.  For girls: masturbating. You can't tell me you have a free pleasure hole that you can use as much as you want and you don't use it. masturbate. women will swear they dont but we all know they do Picking your nose Breathing. Never heard one person admit to this. 

"Yo, man...you breathe?!" 

"WHAT DO YOU THINK?!" There's never a straight answer. Pee in the shower. 

It's efficient, is isn't gross since it all gets washed down with the shower water anyway and you are surrounded by the sight and sound of running water already which normally encourages the need to pee. 

I'm not saying that *everyone* does this, but I'll bet there are more who do who are ready to admit it.  Think that if we meet our favorite porn star(s) that they'll automatically have sex with us. Everybody has seen their own butthole. ...amirite? The bathroom mirror is the only way.  Everybody has done this at some point in life. Imagine yourself as a super villain. Makes Askreddit posts where they are trying to get people to talk about jackin' it. I'm taking a wild guess that about 80% of digital DJs just pirate their music wherever they can, and the same amount of software-based electronic music artists just pirate all of their software. Smelling my own farts. And looking at what you shit out in the toilet.

... I actually enjoy smelling my own farts. Anyone know wtf that is about? Scratch or touch your asshole/crack/privates and then sniffing your fingers. Peeing in the pool, ocean, shower  Having, at some point in your life no matter how fleeting, at least one homosexual thought/fantasy. Im going to say picking nose... Who is going to sit there alone and let a hard anoying fucker sit in your nose? [deleted] Seeing someone about to do something wrong but not correct them. 

I never correct my dad. "Yeah that looks like it will fit." sniffin their fingers after they touch their butt Double Dipping Taking enough food to fill their portion.  But leaving just enough behind that it doesn't look like they took the rest of it.  Even if what is remaining leaves only a fraction of a normal portion Using their phone as a mirror Looking at the toilet paper after a wipe. Reposting old threads on /r/askreddit. Scratching own balls and smelling fingers.
 Shitting their pants, it happens. Imagine yourself as the opposite gender, then act like one when alone. Forcing bad memories of your past out of your head by telling yourself it didn't really happen. Pee in the shower Being attracted to someone unattractive. Push on your eyes really hard until those silly little color dots start flying around uncontrollably and you can't see anymore There are two types of people in this world. Those who masturbate and those who say they don't masturbate, but do. Cry themselves to sleep. Talk to god sometimes even if we're atheist.  Peeing in the pool. masturbation? Peeing in the shower. I guess most of the people here are confused by the phrase 'everyone does'...


ITT: people with disgusting habits... Looking at the toilet paper after wiping your ass. Don't act like you aren't curious. Fap. Scratching....then smelling. Read while on the toilet. Also, for us speshul folk, Reddit on the toilet as well. Where do you think I am now?! Pee in the shower. Looking down the glory hole in a port-a-potty.   There are two types of people in this world: people who masturbate, and liars.   Masturbate. Nosepicking. Smelling their own farts. Smell their farts  Picking their nose. Peeing in the shower. Except for *me* of course. Farting. Lie. Every single one of us do it. Smelling your own farts. I don't know why it's necessary but you just have to do it.  Peeing in the shower. Don't even act like u haven't  Picka the nose Today I learned that everyone pees in the shower. shart....don't even lie, it's happened  piss in the shower... not all the time, but we all have done it. Pisses in the sink. masturbate. Winning imaginary fights while taking showers. * peeing in the shower
* not washing their hands after using the restroom Not admitting to the reality of their lives... the actual reality, not the one dipped in materialism and sugar-coated with vacation photo's on Facebook. Rub the inside of your crotch and smell your finger.  It smells horrible, but so good at the same time. Getting an unexpected boner around family or friends "There's 2 kinds of people in the world, people who piss in the shower, and liars" I don't remember where I heard that but it's a classic  Lying about if they do/don't wash hands after using the bathroom. Picking their nose. When I'm driving or what ever I act out in my head killing people, crashing the car into someone etc.  I read on here its actually common people think like this but fking worries me that hey. Im a great nice guy but in the car I become the spawn of Satan in my head.    Farting. Pissing in the shower.  Smell their own farts Pee in the shower! :P Pooping in the office bathrooms. I feel like an office-ninja every time i manage to take a shit without anyone seeing me get in or out of the bathroom. Look after wiping............ Pissing in the shower. When the warmth hits you, you are going to squirt. Smelling their fingers after touching their genitals.  masturbation Smells their own farts  Pick their nose  Picks their nose in the shower. A great preface to a shower while you enjoy the warm water, washes right away, and ensures that there are no moments when you come home and look in the mirror and say "Shit! How long has that been there?! WHY DIDN'T ANYONE SAY SOMETHING" Picking their nose Pissing in the sink? run up the stairs from the basement. there are monsters in there.

 Picking your nose. Picking their nose. Auto-fellatio. Any man that says he hasn't tried is a liar. Catching fart in hand. Smelling it.  Picking your nose. Whether through a tissue or straight up with the finger, everyone does it one way or another. Now if you eat it, your disgusting.  I'm sure that everyone has at least once had their finger break trough the toilet paper while wiping...  Masturbate.  There are two kinds of people in the world: those who pee in the shower, and liars  When possible, wofting your own farts to smell them. Standing behind someone in a line and having the impulse to hit them as hard as you can in the back of the head or while driving, the impulse to veer the car into oncoming traffic.

You don't ever act on the thought, but its there and its a unique feeling to realize you could do those very things. Dancing alone
 dance when you're alone Masturbating, but only when it comes to girls. Scratching their butt and smelling it
 Feeding the Ad carry Sniffing their fingers Pissing in the pool and masturbating fall in the same category here. If you say you don't do it, you're a liar. Peeing in the sink. Contemplating murder in detail.  Planning out a fight in your head when in the presence of a douchebag. Everyone in a classroom has thought about what would happen if time froze and the nasty things he or she would do with the people in the room. Asking the same questions on /r/askreddit. Taking a big dump then feeling pretty darn proud of yourself ITT: Nose picking, peeing in the shower, and farting. Just like 2 weeks ago! Not flushing the toilet Talking to yourself in the shower....anyone? Picking their noses. Farting Looking at the toilet paper to see how much more you have to wipe.
 peeing in the shower.  You show me someone who doesnt pee in the shower, and ill show you a dirty fuckin liar
 Has looked at their asshole in the mirror. Not everyone, but at least some people: I have fantasies about intimacy with a person (not even physical, more like... cuddling and such) and good conversation more so than i ever have sex fantasies. 
i have a body pillow.. i know you think you know where this is going but.. no, i don't kiss it, talk to it, etc. i just sort of.. head-butt it? like curl up against it and push my head into it. it's soft. i don't think it's a person, i just have a physical need to cuddle with something. weird? normal? idk Masturbating Masturbating Looking at the toilet paper after you wipe. Seriously, try asking a room full of women. Pee in the shower. There are people that tell you they pee in showers, and then there are liars. Peeing in the shower. Deliberately trying to get a whiff of your own farts. Usually involves some wafting. Peeing in the shower. Picks their noses.God mode: eats said pickings. That they absolutely do care what others think of them  For girls, holding your own boob while watching a movie or tv, or randomly feeling how soft they are and not even realizing it until it's already happening. It's very comforting.  Looking at your tp after you wipe. Thinking of someone else while having sex with a SO. (You know it's true.) I think we all have a crunchy shrine of boogers in at least one chair we use on a regular basis. Fart in their hand to smell it. Nice try NSA. [deleted] Using their phone on the toilet Shit them selves as an adult. re-post this thread on reddit Lie. Smell our own farts.  Pretend to fight someone while you're in the shower. [deleted] For guys: Cry. I cry every once in a while, sometimes for no reason. I'm so used to not showing much emotion that it builds up and I just need to release it sometimes.  All women masturbate. Every single one, and yet there's still such a stigma on women who take hold of their own sexuality, adult women are still too embarrassed to admit that they engage in some occasional, healthy self-love Looking at the TP after wiping their ass to make sure they got it all. Imagines what it would be like to have sex with that one girl with a really hot picture of herself in a bikini on Facebook.  Probably faps to it, too.   licking my fingers after jerking off Women who claim they don't masturbate. I don't believe it for a second! OP's Mom. Everyone pees in the shower. Everyone pees on their leg in the shower

Everyone looks at their shit in the toilet to see just how big it really was.

Everyone squeezes and pulls out their ingrown hairs, especially in the pube region, feels good.

Everyone picks their nose.

Everyone scratches their itchy ass when alone and have at one point sniffed their fingers.

Everyone has at one point gave a tour of their house to no one while pretending they were on the show, Cribs.


 Thinking 14-16 year olds are hot. Seriously, many have big tits, big ass, etc. and they all wear little shorts and shit. they're all pubescent so what the fuck when people pretend like the attraction is not natural? Seriously, I wish teenagers weren't hot, it's a fucking liability.  Ive said this on a similar post, but everyone curiously looks at their own asshole in the mirror at some point.  PEEING IN THE SHOWER
 Peeing in the shower.  judge people. everybody does it. nothing to be ashamed of really, passing judgement is actually rather fun. 

A friend and I used to go to our local shopping center and stand on the top floor with a birds eye view of everybody and judge people solely based on their appearance. 

''hey look at him, the fat prick'' and things like ''oooohh look at her, her tits are around her ankles, old fat bitch,'' you know the usual retarded teenage boy stuff? so i put my hand up and say I AM GUILTY! ^ilovebeingguilty Pee in the shower. Don't try to fucking lie to me, you know damn well you've done it, and more than once.  Peeing in the pool.  Nobody washes their hands EVERY time they use the restroom. secretly thinks they will be the one person who will never die. Listen to AM radio. [Impulses to do something violent or sexual to someone else, including animals, children and the elderly.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intrusive_thoughts)

 Down vote something just because it already has negative karma. This also extends to people down voting comments or posts they don't like either because of one thing they read in the comment which they considered unsavory.  Lying. Kind of ironic Peeing in the shower. It's all just water(liquid) who the hell cares? I'm sure this happens a lot, but I've never seen anybody write about it before. I was at my computer this morning when I noticed a black horsefly on the screen window next to me. My reaction was pure instinct: shut the window closed, and then investigate. Sometimes a fly will be on the other side of the screen, giving the illusion that it’s trapped inside the house, but this guy was definitely inside, and now it was trapped, now it is trapped in this space in between the screen and the glass.

Now that the time for action has passed, I’m settling in to think about it, my first thoughts are, how did this fly get inside the house? Did something die in here? I’ve had squirrels in the basement before. This is New York City, so it’s not totally out of the question to assume mice or rats. And then the plausible gives way to the farfetched, to an imagined family of opossums setting up shop somewhere in the basement, camping out, leaving all sorts of garbage in their tracks, attracting flies, this fly in my window.

Or it could have just flown in through an opportune door opening, which is probably more likely. Now I’m stuck with this window closed right next to me. I’m deprived of my breeze. It’s early fall and this overhead ceiling fan is only half of the equation, the other half being the open window from which new air comes in to replace the old air. I can feel the room, it’s a little bit less comfortable, the CO2 levels are definitely building up. I open up a window on the other side of the room, but it’s not providing the same direct circulation.

And this fly right next to me, it’s climbing up the screen, all the way to the top of the window, then it freaks out, I can hear the buzzing, and it’s back to the bottom, climbing up again. I guess there’s not really too much to do in there. And I start to feel bad.

Like, isn’t it just a little cruel for me to shut this fly in there, to sit around and wait for it to drop dead? How long does that take, at least a day or two, maybe three? Which doesn’t sound like a lot, not to a human anyway, but I remember that two or three days, that’s like an adult fly’s entire lifespan. It’s consigned to a life sentence of being trapped in that little space, the open world impossibly close, like it can probably reach its little feelers or whatever through the holes in the screen, maybe some of its fly friend might come up to it from the other side, shaking their heads back and forth, now you’ve done it bro, look what you’ve gotten yourself into.

I’m getting carried away. I’m anthropomorphizing this tiny cluster of nerves and wings. There’s no way it’s feeling anything. I think. I hope. I keep wondering what I would be like if I found myself in its position. I think that, for one thing, at least it has a little bit of space. I imagine me being trapped in a jail cell the size of a basketball court. So at least I could run around, or at least pace the perimeter, walk up and down and few times, try to keep my mind off the futility of my existence, the almost certain doom I was likely to face without any food or water.

But bad as I might feel for this little speck of existence, there’s no way I’m letting it out. Do you know how annoying a loose fly is inside a house? Even just one fly, it’s really, really irritating. They’re crazy fast, like where are they getting the energy from to fly back and forth across each room at such high speeds? And they’ll land on your leg every once in a while, or they’ll buzz really close to your ear and it’ll sound like a helicopter landing inside your head.

No, and then what? What if it’s pregnant? I’m going to get a fly infestation? No thanks. I had flies in the house when I lived in Ecuador. There weren’t any screens, so there were just always flies in the house, flies, June bugs, moths, frogs, no thanks. One time in college, yes, I lived like an animal, but for maybe a month, we had this fruit fly infestation. Fruit flies are a whole different type of nuisance, because while horseflies spend all of their time flying at high speeds across the whole house, fruit flies kind of just hover in one spot. And they’re so small that if you try to grab one, they just slip right through your fingers. It’s not happening.

I just want this thing dead already. I want to not think about this fly, I want to open the window and have a very mess-free clean up, just pick it up with a napkin and throw it in the trash. But no, it’s going nuts. I’d go nuts too. I just have to put it out of my head for a while, not think about this little black dot at the periphery of my vision, a reminder of my mortality, a general symbol of all things slightly unpleasant. Wipe your butt after you poo, and then looking at the tissue. check /r/gonewild Peeing in the pool.... except for me, of course  Looks to see if they are done wiping..  turning your underwear inside out instead of doing the laundry Toching smarthphones with penis to see if it works Pretty sure everyone puts there head under the covers and sniffs after a good fart in bed. Peeing in the shower.  Peeing in the swimmingpool Picking their nose. Everyone does it. The only exception is if you physically can't. Unless someone has something wrong with them, their fingers are sized proportionally to their nostrils. People are built that way for a reason. Picking of the nose isn't unsanitary or disgusting at all; the only reason people don't like it is because it can be slimy, and they're taught that it's disgusting from childhood.  Checking yourself out when passing reflective surfaces. People knowing their question on /r/askreddit is a repost TIL, redditors like to smell their own asses and balls and like to rationalize their filthy behavior by claiming that we all do it.  Fuck you ass sniffing weirdos. Picking their nose, come on people, you know you do. Picking their nose.  You mean besides masterbation, picking nose, and visually inspecting thier poo? Walk up the stairs on all fours. Contemplated suicide.

I'm not talking about thinking about *committing* suicide, just thinking about it in general in regards to yourself. How your loved ones would take, how it would feel, how long you would be remembered for, etc. Pee in the shower. Rock out in front of a mirror. Every white person does this at least.  Pluck butthole hairs with their fingers Drinking anywhere from 1 drink+ and driving. Jerking off. Every man smells their fingers after they scratch their balls. You all know you do it. Looking at the tiolet paper when you wipe.  Fart, whoever smelt it delt it. Peeing in the shower. Pee in the shower. Fap pee in the shower Care what other people think. :) Cry. Forward calls and deny receiving text messages. Seriously how did you not "get" the damn text I sent you... Actually pay for WinRAR scratches you r butt and sniffs it. Farting in public Female Masturbation  There are only two kinds of people in this world: those who pee in the shower, and those who lie about peeing in the shower. Watching people suffer.

A lot of TV and films cash in on it. I'm not talking serious, watching real people suffer in real situations. But just vicariously, sitting on the sidelines, safely watching people at least pretend to be suffering.

We enjoy it, I would really like to know why... Pee in the shower Farts.  Peeing in a swimming pool For guys: Scratching your balls, and then proceeding to sniff your fingers.........and enjoy it. I've heard there are two types of people in this world; Those who have peed in the shower, and dirty fucking liars. Peeing in the shower. Wishing something bad to happen would happen to someone Wondering what it would be like to be the opposite gender.  Acts of desparation to peel the sticky scrotum from inner thighs. Weird steps, wide stances, pocket maneuvers... anything to get rid of that feeling. And the twist of the knife is that no one thinks twice about a woman adjustung her tits. Get caught un-sticking your nuts, and you're some kind of indecent pervert. take a shit and then fake wash your hands.  Pee in the pool. SMELLING YOUR OWN FARTS!

why did I just go full Family Feud on that one? Smell their freshly cut toe nail clippings... mmm cheesey Using other people's bar soap in the shower, touch our intimate bits with it, nobody seems to care Picking your nose. [Eats McDonald's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YDTfEhChgw)

Seriously. Everyone (short of vegans/ strict vegetarian who don't drink milkshakes) eats that shit every now and again and if you say you don't, you're a liar. Masturbating. Self-narrate mentally. Peeing in the shower also masturbating in the shower. The shower is a wonderful place Peeing in the shower. Picking their nose.  pee in the shower Pee in the shower.  Giving a mirror weird faces Putting pennies in your ass to get the upper hand. Masturbate  peeing in the pool Pissing in the shower. Hypocrites. Pissing in the shower There's two kinds of people in the world, people who pee in the pool and people who lie about peeing in the pool.  Peeing in the shower. Reposting Farting. Secretly enjoy their own farts Repost for karma/attention Flatulence  Smelling their finger after itching their butt crack. Eating at McDonalds. Peeing in the shower Fart, poop, sex, and looking at your own butt hole in the mirror. Enjoying the smell of your own farts. Reposting My hobby is secretly videotaping couples in cars. In this country it makes you look like a pervert, *but every single Scottish person does it!!* Picking their nose. Farting in public in loud places. It was someone on this train but who? Picking Your Nose. Take a leak in the shower. There are two kinds of people in this world. Those who pee in the shower and dirty liars.  Picking our noses. Peeing in the shower.  There are 2 kinds of people in this world, those who pee in the shower, and liars! Creeping on Facebook Judge other people, specifically behind their backs.  This question is asked probably weekly.

Everyone picks their nose, a lot of those people eat it, and practically everyone scratches their crotch or buttcrack and then smells it. When alone, I love to smell my own farts. And no, I'm not from San Francisco  [mcdonalds](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YDTfEhChgw) Everybody farts and poops. Even women. Sorry, but, we do.  Shitting in the shower. fart Imagine having sex with other people than their SO When people say that they don't care what people think. Deep down inside, you care. Even if it's just a little bit. Singing songs from commercials 

1-877 cars for kids
K-a-r-s cars for kids Fapping Pick their nose.  There are those who pick their nose and then there are liars. Thinking racial slurs at people. Maybe not everyone but I pick and eat my boogers. It keeps my immune system stocked with a crazy arsenal. Pees in the shower Prejudices of all kinds. I think people are much more prejudiced than they're willing to admit.  Farting in public.  Sitting down in the shower. Holding in poop when you're in a bathroom with strangers  Pick their nose. Taking more than one piece of candy from the "Please Take One" buckets on Halloween. In my last year of school, so when I was 16, I'd look at everyone in my class and try to work out who had got laid and who hadn't. No idea if my selections were right or not, but it killed time. Picking their nose. Why the fuck would I just let an uncomfortable hard piece of snot sit there? Mayhaps picking your nose ?  Using smartphones at work.  Judge other people. picking their nose. peeing in the shower
 I think Avenue Q said it best: "Everyone is a little bit racist"

What defines whether you're an asshole or not is just varying degrees on how racist your thought was vs. what you actually do as a response to it Not replying to a text message to play hard to get or something  Farting.

I take pride in my ass gas, but nobody else in the room seems to :( Being woken up by the phone, trying to sound "not tired," then denying it when they can they ask you if you were sleeping. Pre judges others Poops Pee in the shower. snif your hand after scratching your balls Pooping.

It seems like people are too afraid to admit that they poop, but we all do.  People go and poop as if it's shameful.  I say plop away, good citizens.

 peeing in the shower. Lose a petty argument about something you do often. Everyone has done this at least once. Pee in the shower? Dig for nose gold. Filling your mouth with water while in the shower and proceeding to pretend to get shot by a machine gun while using the water in your mouth as blood.  Being too lazy to answer the phone or respond to a text message or voicemail. Peeing in the shower Checking people out, even if in a relationship. Creeping on Facebook, don't lie everyone does it Your mom. Peeing in the shower. Making baby noises to yourself while snuggling about in bed on a cold Saturday morning.

"No. My are NOT get up. My are stay in beddy-boes ALLDAY."

I live alone. picking their nose Your mom. I haven't done at least half of these. I've been missing out :( Sitting in your hand till it falls asleep and then using the hand to Masturbate... makes it feel like a hand job  Wafting up your own farts and giving them a good sniff. pick up things with your toes. It's a gift. A lot of people smoke weed or have at least smoked it once in their life and won't admit it. peeing in  the shower Pretend to be a rock star using a household prop as a microphone or guitar.   Pooping.  Taking a teetee in the shower. Repost this topic every week Picking belly button fluff
 Pissing in the shower... So much time saved in the morning! Picking their noses. Spend more time on the Internet procrastinating than people say. Picks nose.  Find people below your countrys age of consent attractive.

As if they suddenly become attractive 1 second after reaching 13, 14, 16, 18 / [insert your countries arbitrary AOC here] Guys pee sitting down when taking a shit. Who doesn't pee in the shower? C'mon? I would go with masterbate Peeing in the shower; peeing in pools; peeing in public while drunk...generally just peeing anywhere that isn't a toilet. Itch inside your ear.  Picking thier nose.


The real split comes between the eaters of the snot and the people who wipe it on stuff. pick their nose and then wipe it on things I masticate with my mandible Peeing in the shower. Being a redditor Pee in the shower Facebook stalk Masturbation Pick their nose. Pissing in the shower, there are two types of people in this world people who admit it and fucking lairs  Picking their noses. Scratch their nuts then smell their fingers Fantasizing about sex or what they would do if they could freeze time. Peeing in the shower that they like attention and will do certain things to get it.  Double Dipping. Pee in the shower. Picking their nose. Seriously, everyone does at some point, just maybe more tactfully or hygienically than others. Picking their nose
 I think everyone makes faces when looking in the mirror Pee in the pool. lying obviously. Pissing in the shower  Pick their nose. Poop Pretending to be famous and answering questions in front of my mirror like I'm being interviewed. Or pretend to be in a music video while a sad song is playing. Murder.  beeing jealous Picks their nose. Eat/drink while pooping.

I know I'm not the only one you dirty liars. Almost everyone decides what to believe based on how it makes them feel, rather than what evidence or experience would support.  Creep on social media. Whether you have an account or not. Peeing and blowing their nose in the shower. Every. Day. Yes. Peeing in the god damn shower  Looks at their shit before flushing it down the loo. Pee in the shower.  Framing someone else for your fart. Had menstrual sex. Appreciating one of your own horrid, rancid farts. Deep down, there's a small sense of pride. After taking a dump and reveling in the wonder of the fact that the sheer mass of your shit has over come the height of the toilet water line. Imagining someone in your life either dead or naked. And on rare occasions both. Let the dogs out Pick their nose, Good lord. If you want to tell if someone's being honest, ask if they pick their nose. Eat boogers.. wait.. I mean Peeing in the shower. Farts Girls never admit to masturbating.  peeing in the shower and picking their nose..... everyone does it stop lying to your self.... Pee in the shower post this same question once a week for karma Drinking milk out of the carton. You know you do.  Scratching the outer rim of your anus.

Its a dangerous game, but the prize. Facebook stalking Masturbate Poop Checking out my ass * Pee in the shower.
* Pee in the pool.

Don't lie.. you do it. There are two kinds of people in the world: those who pee in the shower and liars. Wiping boogers on the dog in the middle of the night because we don't want to get up and go into the bathroom. Scratching my arse and balls and then proceeding to smell my fingers. I bet both men and women do this. Likes the smell of their farts... Or is that just me? Killing hitchhikers. nose picking! Sniffs there hand after they scratch there ass Fart Smelling your own farts. Masturbation. And probably not washing your hands before you leave the bathroom. Wanting to sex their hot female friends Fart. Girls you fart, we know it, we ignore it. I have smelled some of the terror that happens inside of you. 

I'm sorry for my grammar.  Toilet seat related injuries..  Pee in a wet suit. Nose picking. Picking their nose.

The feels man. Peeing in the shower. Going over conversations you just had while giving better responses that you weren't able to think of on the spot.  And that somehow makes you feel better about the dumb shit you initially said... Pissing in the sink in uni halls.

I don't know about other countries, but in the British universities, your room is equipped with a sink. Rather than walk all 15 meters to the toilet, I'd opt to piss in my sink, with the taps running naturally.

Obviously I kept this to myself, until I overheard a couple of my flatmates talking at the dinner table:

"Mate, you christened your sink yet?"

 Silent but deadly farts. How much they pleasure themselves. People don't lie about doing it, but they sure as hell lie about how much they do it. Peeing in the shower. picking your nose. Everyone does it time to time to some extent. I'm doing it right now.  Pick their noses.
 Picking their nose. Everyone does it, but for some reason it is considered one of the most vile acts you could possibly do in public.  Tell people you're busy so you don't have to talk to them on the phone Treating good-looking people better. Diggin' for gold. It's honestly the best and most convenient way to clear your nose if there's no tissues.  Everyone picks their nose. Well, everyone but me, that is. Jerk Off - How to be, How to do. **Staring into the middle distance: How to avoid eye contact with everyone.** Chapter seven, my girlfriend in Canada. Have you met my best friend, my ex? "Culinary arts - Your microwave and you" Hate, Fear and Solitude : More things you can learn from your cats! Chapter One: She probably thinks you're creepy, better not talk to her. Chapter 9: How to miss the obvious signs she is interested "the art of remaining indoors and playing video games" Chapter 8: Designing your WoW tattoo. Chapter one:

Anyone that's even remotely interested in you is now a potential husband.  
 Treat him as such. Chapter 4: "No she was not actually flirting with you" Chapter 1: How to bring LARPing into casual conversations.

* Subheading: Explain that it is like Dungeons and Dragons only outside

* Subheading: Explain that your game actually is like Dungeons and Dragons, but without the magic.

* Subheading: It's pretty extreme.

* Subheading: Bilbroswaggins

* Subheading: Wear cloaks in public (as a male). Just Be Yourself

Edit: Wow. So many serious replies to a joke comment.  

How do you stay single? Just be yourself! Chapter 12: "Japanese Body Pillows and you." Manic depression: When you're up - charm her into a date you don't show up for because you're down. Repeat until old. The 3 B's: Bald, Broke, and Bitter How to Choose the Right Thing to Say by Process of Elimination Chapter Three: Alcohol, the only friend you need. Chapter 3: Owning Your Farts. Chapter One: Hygiene How To Make a Bloody Pad Last Longer Than It Should Being unattractive **The Treaty of Algeron: Why The Romulans Can Have A Cloaking Device and the Federation Can't** Looking for your Life Partner in a Nightclub. The best advice would probably inadvertently be under the "about the author" section at the front. Chapter One: So You've Fallen For A Girl But She Doesn't Give A Fuck


Chapter Two: Spending Your Next Eight - Twelve Months Crying About It


Chapter Three: Accepting That You Are A Little Fairy Girl Who Needs To Get Out More Chapter Three: Growing Your Neckbeard Chapter 2: Being right and vindicated in the argument is far more important than your actual relationship.  The art of not seeking a partner. 

Step one: Do not seek out a partner Chapter 7: On improving others -  How to be more vocal and critical of the flaws of others, while ignoring your own simultaneously.  "Online Gaming"

Step 1: find a game that has achievements

Step 2: Earn them all

Step 3: repeat Chapter 7: Talking to inanimate objects Chapter One: Oblivious
I probably  wouldn't still be single if I could notice that someone is possibly interested in me. 
 Early Developmental Trauma: The Gift That Keeps On Giving Book One : Don't take no for an answer ! **Leaving Your Home: Is it for Chumps?** Friendzoned: Why it's them, not you.  Chapter One: Complain About Everything

For example, Fall. I’m so cold. It just got out cold this week and I’m not used to it. I can’t get warm. The heat hasn’t kicked in yet. I hate it when you complain to somebody about how cold it is and they just say something like, “Put on a sweater.” That’s the worst. Just listen to me complain. Or join in with me. There’s always more to complain about. It’s like when you’re really hungry and you go, “Have an apple.” Just shut up, maybe I just want something to whine about for a little bit. You eat an apple.

I think there’s going to be a lot of snow this winter. Snow is always fun for the first day or so, but you can only throw snowballs at cars for so long before eventually your gloves get wet and your hands start freezing. And then your socks get wet too. And then you go out to throw snowballs the next day but all the snow is slushy and brown. I hate it when it’s raining or gross out and you say, “I just love rainy days.” Bullshit. Nobody loves rainy days. I like to storm around the house on rainy days and try to make everyone feel as miserable as I am. What are you supposed to do all day? Read? Get out of here. I’m going to get in the car and see if I can’t splash any pedestrians with gross puddle water.

The worst is when you forget to move your laundry from the washer to the dryer. And then when you finally remember, it’s too late to rewash everything, but it’s also too late to not do anything, and so you have to run those nasty clothes through the dryer, because you need a shirt and you’re already late for work. And then the rest of the day that smell is just following you around, like feet, like an old wet towel.

That’s another thing I can’t stand, when you’re taking a shower and you go to dry off and you’ve been using the same towel for one day too many, and it’s the same botched laundry smell, and what are you supposed to do, stand there and air dry? It’s freezing out. So you grab the towel and dry off and now you smell disgusting. But it’s over already, the whole shower is ruined, the whole day is ruined. What are my options? Take another shower? My skin’s going to fall off. That’s the worst, when you take too many showers and your skin gets all dry. And maybe I don’t have any clean towels. Or maybe they’re all the way in the dryer, but it’s another load of bad laundry, but I don’t realize it yet because I already smell terrible from the first shower that I took and I think that the smell is just me, but it’s really this second towel, and that’s the worst, like even worse, the absolute worst, because the second shower is too much, my skin’s peeling, and I get out and dry off with what I think is a fresh towel, but it’s just as gross. Why does all of my stuff smell so bad?

Or what’s terrible is when you make a pot of coffee but then you go to the fridge to get the milk but there’s only like half an inch of milk left. I don’t feel like going out to the store. I need coffee just to get out of the house, not the other way around. And so I try to ration. But I always find that whenever there’s just a tiny bit left, it always comes out weird, like some of it doesn’t blend with the coffee, it’s just these little hardened dots of milk, and I try to enjoy the coffee but there’s not enough milk, it’s way too bitter.

Or when I’m trying to watch TV on the Internet and they keep showing me the same commercial over and over again, every commercial break it’s the same lame ad, so lame that they won’t even run it on regular TV, only on the Internet, because they’re thinking, hey, this tool is too cheap to buy cable, so we’re only going to show him ads for cheap garbage that maybe he can afford, and the production value is so cheap, with the worst actors, and they put it on repeat, like they’re thinking this guy is so incredibly cheap, maybe we’ll be lucky if we can trick him into buying just one cheap product, so we’re really going to just inundate this guy with this one ad, until it’s all that he can think about, until he’s not even enjoying his show anymore, every four minutes, commercial time.

Or when your phone vibrates in your pocket and you get excited, maybe it’s an email, maybe it’s of those jobs you applied to, maybe it’s one of your friends with news about some plans this weekend or something fun going on, but you open your phone and it’s a voicemail. Nobody leaves voicemails. And you have to wait for your phone to call the voicemail, and you put the phone to your ear and it’s nothing, but it keeps going, two minutes of nothing. And then you have to listen to the options to delete the message. Why won’t the cell phone company just shut off my voicemail like I asked them to?

And then the wall starts hissing, like way too loud, and you go to check what the noise is but it’s the heat, finally kicking in, but it’s been a whole season since the heat’s been on so you forget, and you touch the pipe and it’s way too hot and you get burned. And then I tell you about what happen and you're all like, “Get some ointment.” Seriously, why don’t you just be quiet and listen for a minute, just let me vent without being such a know-it-all. You get some ointment, you condescending jerk. Chapter One

*Choosing the fedora that is right for you.*

"A fedora is a hat that is typically creased lengthwise down the crown and pinched in the front on both sides and positively oozes charm. Whether you choose black, gray, or tan, your fedora will let the ladies know that you are classy as fuck..." "My two hands and I, a menage a trois." Chapter 6: Curing Loneliness by Counting Your Money. "Getting to know your inner Brony". "Don't talk, smile or make eye contact." Chapter One: Stay Inside Conclusion: For revenge I must now sleep with her mom. **Ignore all the hints**

I'm glad that there once was a girl who spent about a day at my place making moves on me and I was just so blind!
Eventually she asked me why I don't wanna have sex with her. I'm proud I did not fuck up from here on. Chapter 1 Fashion:

Every woman loves a guy in cargo shorts, and white socks.  If you wear cargo shorts every day people will know you have a fantastic fashion sense.  A recommended daily outfit would be runners + white socks + cargo shorts + graphic t-shirt
 Chapter 23: The Joy of Masturbating Chapter 2. Don't forget to wear your granny panties on the first date. Chapter 3: 

Reddit: The place to go when you have nothing to do. Chapter 11: Body Odour  Chapter One: The skill of being ugly. How to keep your mouth shut and never express how you feel. Chapter 6: Making out with her sister at the bar is burning two bridges with one stone Chapter 5: How to get your nipples to bleed profusely enough to see through any article of clothing How to plan the wedding down to the budget before he officially asks you on a date. How to create a giant fight out of absolutely nothing "14 Haircuts That Will Make Men Assume You're a Lesbian" This book is dedicated to feigned apathy. 

* Prologue - How to influence people not to be friends;
* Chapter 1 - Character flaws - brilliant but lazy;
* Chapter 2 - Character flaws - dishonesty and deceit;
* Chapter 3 - Character flaws - the masochist;
* Chapter 4 - Character flaws - how to actually believe in them;
* Chapter 5 - Insecurities: You are not good enough;
* Chapter 6 - Procrastination: How to never finish, not even last;
* Chapter 7 - How to spite friends and expect attention;

I could go on and on. Any of those would be rather easy. "Women: It Is Cheaper To Rent Or Lease Than To Buy, And Quality Is Maintained." "Be Yourself: Taking Dating Advice Literally" Chapter 7: How to develop agoraphobia. Chapter One: 
Leave 3 buttons undone on shirt, let chest hair show! 

(Italians need not apply)  ***Hygiene***

The chapter would be one sentence long.

*"Don't bathe, brush your teeth, or wipe."* Chapter 1 : Drink. A lot. Always.

- The End Chapter 3, The Crib:  

Arranging Your Parent's Basement "'She's under 18' and other myths the crossing guard says"  

"Whip it out in style: 19 hairstyles for your little soldier that say 'suck this'" Chapter Two: How to play LoL and TF2 The ins and outs of knocking up a crazy cross country bitch on a picnic table in High School. Continue to eat more calories than you're using.   Bringing down the barriers: How to make every social situation painfully awkward.
Step One: Immediately say every single thing as soon as it pops into your mind, no matter what.
Step Two: Stand way too close to people.
Step Three: Ensure for yourself a cat to pee all over you clothes, then wear them out.  Never wash them.
Step Four: Never brush your hair or teeth.
DONE! Say No to Everything Chapter 9: The Fear of Rejection.  Would you do you ?  Showers:  Far and Few Between "embrace your hairy body: love your moustache and other non so feminine traits" Voicing every opinion and being completely honest at all times Chapter 7: Deodorant and Why It's a Scam Appendix A: Tips To Accidentally Friendzone The Girl That Was Interested In You

1. Be Oblivious.
2. Have a huge crush on someone uninterested in you.
3. If the person in tip 2 turned out to be interested, repeat tip 1. "Be Me" Chapter One
Art of the helicopter How to make pizza for one feel like pizza for two. "How to Build an Endgame Raid Character in WoW" Grow long hair, smoke two packs a day, be depressive Title "single and disease free: the guide for people with social anxiety" How to Pick the Crazy Ones: a guide to attracting psychotic women Chapter One: Be Yourself. 

The end.  Chapter one: Reddit As so many people seem to be taking this as remaining single and not getting laid, I thought I would go another way. I am writing this from a perspective of writing for hetro males.

Final Chapter:

How to know when a woman is starting to get attached and how to break it off. 

In this book you have learned many techniques to get women to think you care about them and to sleep with them. In this chapter we learn how to make sure they go home when you are finished with them.

First, make sure that you only have one pillow. You want to make the idea of staying over extremely uncomfortable. 

Get dressed- Putting on clothing makes it seem more obvious that you are not going to bed together.

Call her a cab without her knowing; when it arrives, tell her "your cab is here." Do not offer to pay for the cab. You already got what you wanted out of her, why pay now?. 

You fucked her, so fuck her.

The End Chapter 1: Growing your Neckbeard Chapter one: When to pull your balls between your legs and bend over in her general direction Hygiene: how to ignore the smell Chapter One: Standards

Put your partner on a pedestal with outrageous expectations so later you can be disappointed every time they fail to be a Disney prince! Chapter 7: Be a "nice guy" Presenting yourself as a pedophile Microwave dinners for one. Chapter 15: How long is too long? Crusty underwear through the ages. Chapter 8:  Cleaning your fleshlight How to ruin friendships and alienate people.  "Sans Toothbrush" The art of being me !  Hygiene and why's it's not as important for you. Chapter 2: How to get drunk Chapter 19: Paranoia and Self-Sabotage

Did you accidentally trip and fall ass first into a relationship?  Well don't hang up your sweatpants yet, because thanks to PARANOIA (tm) you'll be watching reruns of Top Chef alone again in no time!  Thanks to our patented 8000 step program, you'll be analyzing every single interaction and comment for secret messages (spoiler: the message is always He Hates You and Wants to Break Up).  It's like being a mind reader, but the mind is always saying "You Are Gross Naked" and "I Never Loved You".

No need to order, we already installed all our software while you slept.  Just sit back, refuse to relax, and let your anxieties ruin your relationship yet again! Don't wear pants.  Ever. Chapter 6 - "Drink until no one likes you"  Chapter 5. Crocs, Socks, and You. Chapter 1: Never leave home The Key To Saving Water:  Don't Shower. Hygiene: Don'ts and Don'ts Chapter 15: How to get your Juggalo Make Up just right or How to Spray Faygo Fedoras and Trenchcoats: The How's Whens and Whys 'No Number of Cats is too Many' Chapter 1: Hygene 
page 1: Don't. Chapter 7: sabotaging relationships and getting bored Chapter 11: Premature Ejaculation and... oh shit, sorry. "never shave, don't even trim" Just be yourself.  Keeping Your Expectations Unreasonably High Chapter 3: How to fall exclusively for womanizing assholes who will never commit! **How to Make sure your apartment remains a disheveled, dirty, disgusting Mess**

Chapter summary: I will go over how to not give a shit that your desk is covered in old cereal bowls, how to recycle dirty clothes to get more uses out of them (save $$ on laundry!), how to continually say "i'll do it...later", and plenty other mess-making habits! "How to scare guys off with your frank and upfront discussions of your baggage and emotional distance issues." Chapter One - Don't be attractive.
Chapter Two.... FPS and MMORPG Oral Hygiene: Maybe next week The Unborn: How not being alive keeps the girls away. Chapter Six: "How to shit in your hands and clap" Chapter 7 - Keep Talking: Men Love That Shit Shitting yourself while maintaining eye contact: an amateurs guide. **Staying Single Through Your Late 30s and 40s: The Creepy Old Guy or No One Your Age is Available or Interested in Dating if They Were** How to use the bathroom and make no one ever want to use it again... "Fantasy Sports - A Lifestyle For A Lifetime" Chapter 5: Alternatives to Cleaning.

Subheading: DIY Pizza Box Furniture. Chapter 13: Pride

Show off your TF2 item collection you have amassed over 1000 hours of play at every chance you get!  Fingering her ass while she sleeps. The simple way.  Smoking dope. A bromance more fulfilling than romance The Longevity of the Friend-Zone Just be yourself: Honesty is the biggest turn off. Masturbation: Sex With Someone Who Already Loves You **Hey, that girl likes you, you should OBSESS OVER HER AND THEN SEND HER A 2000 WORD MESSAGE ON FACEBOOK 3 YEARS LATER TO APOLOGIZE ABOUT YOUR BEHAVIOR**

*OR How to terrify any and all women who might be interested in you, and making sure the effects last* "Redirecting incoming hugs with high-fives"

In other news, fml... Don't Talk To Them, And They Won't Talk To You. "How to avoid that cute girl at the bar who's looked over your way a few times already because you're afraid of being a creep." SMOKING WEED: daily
 "F is for Fedora."  "The life of a level 80 paladin" Chapter 11: Extreme Pickiness, Shallowness and Bizarrely Specific Selectivism: Your Route to an Attractive Partner.  "How to be #Fedorable: A Plebian's Guide". Basing Your Standards of Attractiveness On Fictional Characters "Do what you want" "World of Warcraft" Chapter 1: having no female friends or acquantinces  How To Speak In Low Mumbles and Yelling
 Chapter 16

Reddit. The climax Very easy.  4 words.

"Fart a whole bunch" Chapter 1:  AskReddit Chapter 42: Sleeping with her roommate.  Of course you should get another cat. Chapter 3: How to tell her she's wrong chapter 5: Knowing your lotion's "She Doesn't Like You, and Why You Shouldn't Bother." Being Fat: The Key to Success Chap 7: Schizophrenia  Chapter 7: Sarcasm Being Christian and Single After College How to shit on a sleeping person.  Chapter 12 - No means yes and yes means anal: fists, fucking and fissures.  "When They Stick Their Dick in Crazy, How to Make it Worth It" Where to Store those Harvested Organs Chapter 47:  Display, Care and Maintenance of Your Star Trek Model Ships "grand theft auto, cheetos and Porn".  Chapter One "*The Magic World of Warcraft*" "Being Me" "When you look like *this*..." First and last chapter: "Don't date anybody."

In fact, it'll be so easy to write, I'll do it right here, right on reddit.

Don't date anybody.  Don't ask anyone out; say no if anybody asks you out.  There you have, you're still single.  My work here is done.

Feel free to use the rest of the book to take notes on how you have remained single. "Alcohol" Chapter 11: How to live with adequacy Chapter 8: Don't be late to your first date; just never show up.  Step 1 : Reddit. Chapter 8: Forever Alone "Just say 'No'"

&gt; hey, wanna go out some time? 
&gt; no

&gt; are you going to the party?
&gt; no

&gt; do you think X is attractive? 
&gt; no Why All Women Secretly Want to be Grabbed Chapter One - From ages 0-5. How to: be ugly. Chapter 6: Outside aka Where you find women Obnoxiousness - Your Best Worst Quality Chapter One: Maintaning a Calorie Surplus Solitude Chapter 2: Tears, God's lubricant while masturbating
Chapter 3: Ripping forearms in as little as 90 days!  Chapter 1: The Glare. Advanced Googling. Confidence means nothing. Chapter 1: Author Biography "How to be oblivious to the world" Chapter four:  Puberty, it's a bitch Fedoras, gent(le)men. Bathroom Rituals: Do's and definitely don'ts. Chapter 6: "Aggressive racism, or How I learned to call my waiter a ____ " Grooming...meh Maintain terrible hygiene.  Chapter Five: Being Yourself Freedom Is Like Air. You Only Miss It When You Ain't Gettin' It. Chapter One: Self-Portrait Being a Bum Chapter 10: Why it's essential to miss the bowl (yes, we mean number two!). How To Hide In The Bathroom At The Bar For At Least Thirty Minutes

(No one will miss you) Fapping. Confidence: What does this word even mean? Chapter five: How to attract weirdos who end up borderline stalking you Chapter 1: Being Me. As in, /u/Pachydermus me.  Masturbating with your own tears. Listening: Don't Bother  

  
Everyone Loves Insults! Farting and You... Finding fulfillment in beating off. How to be a Crazy Cat Lady in 3 easy steps steps!
 Chapter 1: Hygiene  Keeping Your Mouth Shut - A Guide to Knowing What Pieces of Information to Share. Chapter 2: Insulting the opposite sex "personal hygiene? screw it".  "Advertising Your Bipolar Disorder In Your Online Dating Headline." Chapter One: League of Legends and Other MMO's Chapter One:  

Eating large boogers in public Chapter 69: Climax Before Exposition How To Be Openly Condescending Chapter One: The Proper Use of the Word "Brah"
Lesson 1: Even though the pronunciation in the same, this is not the word for a woman's undergarment, those are to be referred to as boob wranglers or funbag oppressors. Chapter 4: Mastering the "hover hand" Masturbation for One  Chapter 5: Farting in public, the do's and don'ts. Chapter 1: be yourself All women want the D. As a man in his mid 20's, have a child. Women will want absolutely nothing to do with you the moment they find out you have a kid! Chapter Two:
 
Wear "Brut" or "Stedson" cologne. Chapter 1: How to tell if a woman's hairspray is super flamable or just standard flamable. Love Yourself Personal Hygiene Chapter 12: Diet

if you're not sure about something, rub it against a piece of paper. If the paper turns clear, it's your [window to weight gain](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI8tl0HH1eg). "The art of owning 5 cats" "Making Your Boobs Unnoticeable." Chapter six - How to save money on gifts!  Just Because she is Gorgeous Doesn't mean she is Fun. "The shower-industrial complex" Chapter 1: Care and Maintenance on Your Fedora.  "who needs soap?" I'd just call it my autobiography - ZING! *cries* "Take a shit in public" Masturbating Effectively "Mildly Offensive Hygiene Rituals" chapter 2: how i lost my confidence and now working as a speed bump If gay, assume everyone is straight.  Yes they're laughing at you. Stay at home! chapter 11: how to overthink everything
http://xkcd.com/642/  Five quick ways to cum Being unsatisfied with your SO and flirting with her friends How to act like cuntdickshitballs- the one sure fire way of getting women to ignore you.  Chapter one: Be a good guy "How to be a dick" the whole thing.

"How to be single." 

CHAPTER 1 

Don't go outside.

THE END Chapter 1: Break ups are not final.

:( cliche, but "Hit it and quit it"
I have a bad habit or becoming attached to women once Ive slept with them more than once. People think that it's only women who become attached but a lot of guys do as well. "Moving Too Fast: An overly eager perspective." Be a complete and total ass 24/7

-assume all tears are happy tears and make fun of whatever anyone is crying about 
-treat waiters atrestaurants like your personal slaves and tip them pennies because your money is worth more than anyone else's money
-during the holidays, only give gift cards of $5 (even to your mother)
-shower once per week, and all other days dump an entire bottle of AXE on your head
-make the barista at Starbucks remake your order at least twice, even if they made your skinny double shot venti iced mocha with caramel drizzle and turbinado sprinkles correctly the first time Introduction: Learn from the Pro.  "Sweatpants - your first step towards remaining single" Chapter 1: the Art and Science of Masturbation Chapter 4: "You Look Fat in That Dress": The Verbal Approach for Men, and the Psychological Approach for Women "not bathing: yeah just stop" "Ignoring signals - intermediate and advanced."  Final chapter "You'd have to talk to her first" What's that odor? "The navel-gazers guide to rationalization part III: you really *are* too good for most girls."  "How To Set Impossible Standards." Chapter One: Andre Nozick "Everyone Is Flawed But You!" Try to avoid meeting or talking to anyone. there is no skill needed to remain single ... one just does...  Saying "I Love You" During The First Date Will, Statistically, Work......Eventually. "Don't shave" **F**orever **A**lone **P**laytime Congratulations you just had sex! How to drive her away as quickly as possible. Sleepless in Austin "To bathe, or not to bathe" Shitting with the Door Open: You are the King in your own Bachelor Castle
 Shitting While Eating: The Great Circle of Life "My time with the robotics team" Chapter 22: Creepy Icebreakers that instill a deep sense of unease. Part 1.  "Keep Doing The Same Things Every Weekend, It Will Work Out Eventually: The Art of Denial." Well for one the book would only be a single chapter. Autism mode: The art of finding your shoes more fascinating than those around you. Note: this also works if an animal is in the room. "How to be like /u/TheBaconator1990" Alcohol and putting yourself first. "How to Grind in Korean MMOs" "Freedom 55: How to live with your parents until you're 55" Cooking for One Chapter One: How to murder anyone you develop feelings for (and get away with it!) World of Warcraft Prologue: I wouldn't bang me. Be a unique snowflake! "Sweet little lies" The joys of microwave burritos and gta Easily the greatest "why I am still single quote" from a very good friend;

All your decisions are unanimous. Easiest chapter? "How to use your phone responsibly" 

(I once ignored my ex-gf for a month while she was in Peru because she kept calling from an unknown number)

Most important chapter though : "How to maintain basic hygiene" Stay fat and filthy, my friends. Friends with benefits - It's possible! "Laundry and why we never need to do it again."     4: Ever Alone Chapter 1: Showers are for non-single people. Chapter 1: Don't Shower

Reference title to clear any confusion. Onto chapter 2.  Chapter 1- Hygiene.  How to Maintain Severe Anxiety Despite Medication and Therapy: Constantly Remind Yourself that You're Unlikeable and Ugly  Pissing.      So your ex now wants to be a guy called 'Jason' Discussing Your &lt;insert MMO&gt; Character's RP Story

Why Im Always Right, and You're Always Wrong

That Smell Is Natural "Friendship is Magic: Developing Self-image through Mindless Worship" "Herpes - Say it loud, say it proud!" How to wear a fedora Chapter 3: Telling Her That She Has A Hot Mom Chapter 2: Cleaniness

Dafuq is that? Real Women vs Waifus:  

*How embrace your new 2D lifestyle.*

or

*Once You Go Flat, You'll Never Go Back*

edit: Formatting Never compromise.   "How to masturbate" "The Douchebag in You" Chapter 16: "How To Push People Away and How To Keep It That Way" best foods for smelliest farts Chapter 23: Tracking the love of your life: It's only stalking when the police get involved. Chapter 1: Stay Ugly.  Chapter 5: Blurt out everything you're thinking to maintain zero mystery Chapter 1: personal hygiene is your enemy "10 Tips For Farting On Command" Chapter One; Caring for your neckbeard "Who could love you, anyway?" "The Custom PC" Everybody poops. "What Your Username Says About You"


Looking at you, OP. Chapter Seven: How to Alienate People at Parties (or, that time I ruined my friends party by blasting death metal on the dance floor) Chapter 7: The art of the creeper stare Dodging Sexual Advances "Epilogue: But remember - just be yourself" Mom Is Always Right  Stop Wiping "Always try to find someone" Reddit the print edition: a practical guide to anime/hentai cannon (free tickets to Comicon inside!) "How to say no, while also saying Yes" "Hygiene: Necessary?" Chapter 2:  Apathy Rule #1: Never make eye contact.  "Masturbation - the easy way to save money on dates." Shyness 101. Chapter 6

Remember: All of Them Want You Chapter 13: bad grammer Chapter 3 : What's that smell?
 Poorly Timed Flatulence is Key "Ten Easy Steps to Effectively Shift Blame and Never Take Responsibility for Your Actions" The Unbridled Roster of Exes -or- Three Wrongs *Deserve* a Right Classic Schmosby Ch. 17: A Fond Farewell to Hygiene. Chapter 3: Text him/her as many times in a row as you would like! Masturbation- way cheaper than dinner and a movie with no inane conversation afterwards.

Alternately titled- Get Your Rocks Off Without Getting Your Wallet Out "Had it not gone viral" Chapter One: You are always right, You handsome, infallible genius. "Bathrooms: I wouldn't worry about cleaning them" Chapter 4 : How To Be Awkward Choosing your best friends: pot and snacks guide Chapter One: Being a Bitch Chapter 69 - Navigating /r/gonewild /r/gwnerdy /r/treesgonewild /r/gonewildcurvy and more! How to be a slut on craigslist "Mom's Basement" Chapter 17: Masturbation and Common Household Lubricants Apathy: the easiest and hardest method.  "Discovering New Fetishes: How to Keep Masturbation Fantasies Interesting" Stop fucking around. $5 DVD's "Silence is golden" Smoking pot and playing video gAmes. Chapter One: Wait, why would I want to stay single?

Bitches be crazy, greedy, mean, and vindictive.

Chapter Two: How.....

..and so on.. Personal Hygiene : 101 uses to do with the completely new soap bar. "Keep doin' you." Chapter 1: Public Masturbation "Showers are for pussies"
 Chapter 10: Get Too Drunk and Be an Asshole to Everyone Always Masturbation and you. "About the author" Ch. 1: How to consistently look and smell nasty  Chapter 1: Farting, boogers and unshaved legs  Well it depends on what you mean by "How to Remain Single"

If you mean single by choice then the title would be "No Compromises" if you mean single by circumstance it would be "Gearing up for Raids: Part 1" Men do not talk with women; women do not talk with men.

 "What You Want, When You Want" **Chapter 4 Showing your inner rebel by showing your underwear.**

 The art of the droop. There is never too low and tightie whiteys are ok. Chapter 23: Further Reading "The Game" by Neil Strauss Chapter One: Introductions, and How to Avoid Them.

Chapter Two: Azeroth; Tamriel and Other Places Better than the Real World.

 Benefits of Remaining Single:

Followed by a long list of every possible benefit, including things like time and money saved, no need to change yourself to meet unreasonable demands from a selfish spouse, and so on.  Garlic and Showers: Yes and No 101 Ways to Not Ask Someone Out "simple excuses to not commit" How to chew with your mouth open **AND** make noises Reading Cosmo: how to mutilate the balls of any prospective mate " Jerkin' it " My real name is William.

Chapter 1: ***Don't do what Billy don't does.*** "Just show it to her" Ch. 1: How to Avoid Humanity They'd all be easy chapters, you just described my autobiography Get fat Chapter One: How to love humans on an emotional level, not just a physical one. "Yes, that dress does make you look fat." 
I suck at figuring out when someone wants a self-esteem booster, and when someone wants honest feedback. "Your Hand; Your New Best Friend" "Ask first, the rest comes later" "The essentials of Cheetos &amp; Red Bull* "Being yourself: the art of repelling everyone you meet." "How to insult a women in 5 syllables or less." Book? I would just write a fucking biography of my life up until this point.  "Reddit" How to not give a single fuck
 How you personality can also act as your best contraception. "10 easy steps on keeping people at a distance."

1). The unresponsive stare, the prime conversation ender

2). Looking down, when out and about

3). Mumble, mumble, mumble, when you are required to provide a response: "Good morning!  How are you?", &lt;mumble, grumble&gt;

4). Dull, muted colours in clothing and accessories

5). Avoiding eye contact, the lost art.

6). Losing yourself in your own world, the power of headphones, sunglasses, laptop, and book.

7). The science of minimalist responses: "Huh." "Yes." "No." "A book." "A game." "Some song." "Working."

8). Mastering the creepy grin, and when to utilize it

9). Deadpan face, techniques to suppress facial movement

10). The Art of [Hikikomori](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hikikomori), the Japanese Shut-In Technique Chapter 8: Things better left unsaid
 Maintaining an uncanny inability to pull through. Showering and Brushing Your Teeth, Two Items You Must Remove from Your Daily Routine "The best way to avoid the outernet."
 Hygiene...  Chapter 13: Masturbation in Public Chapter 1 : Do what you want, when you want, with who you want. "Chapter 12: How to Never Ask a Girl Out Even though they are Interested" **References**

1. Huffman, S. and  Ohanian, A, 2005. "Reddit.com". : Advance publications My daily routine.  The art of crazy eyes. How to keep 95% of people from ever wanting to talk to you.

The art of incessant conversation. How to turn a discussion into a monologue. Pacifying Lonliness with Alcoholism Don't date.  Chapter 11: The Problem With High Standards Epilogue:   And he lived happily ever after. "Hygiene and How Not to Have It" "Personal Hygiene: The Complete Lack There Of" Chapter 11: How to tell everyone about that awesome porn you watched last night. Chapter 1: My obsession with cats Deoderant: The government conspiracy and why you shouldn't use it. Chapter 11: Neglecting Dental Hygiene Chapter 6: The art of being emotionally void Chapter Four: Cavemen didn't need to brush their teeth, neither do you. Step 1. Buy a few tarantulas and let them grow. Soon they will moult leaving their old skin behind which is about the same size of the tarantula. Save the moults. Invite someone over and violently fucking their brains out let them sleep. In the morning put all the moults all around their body. Now wake them up. Hilarity ensues.  How to be a condescending douche bag 1) Be Unattractive

2) Don't be Attractive Chapter IV: Bathing - the unnecessary luxury Chapter 17:  Don't stop staring, she secretly loves it Reddit WIPING IS FOR QUITTERS Chapter 4:  DIY Fabreeze shower. Cats, which one is best for me? "Alcoholism, The Relationship-Killer." FAP The Teen Years Chapter 1: How Twilight changed my life for the better. **Saying no, and meaning yes**

*How to tell people you only want to sleep with them* How to take dating advice from Reddit **Laying down the stick you never needed anyway.** Never Compromise: When Standards Matter Responding in a way that no response is possible. Shower?  What's that? Bitch make me a sandwich, part one

Cuz them bitches belong in the kitchen "Distracted speaking and the art of the fumble" Staying Stanky Chapter 8: The DENNIS method The art of thinking it's a joke when someone actually likes you. chapter 1: Be a douche. "Self-Loathing: A Daily Commitment" Staying in bed Prologue: Rape - the Fastest Way to Getting Your Class III Sex Offender License "How to hate yourself as much as everyone else should." Everything I do and say in life is a lesson, take notes. **Trick questions: The answer is always YES**

 Shitting your pants, and how to blame it on someone else: That kid slipped a turd in my trousers.  **Bathing: Who Needs It?** "Wearing clean clothes doesn't mean they have to match or even be seasonally appropriate:  The art of wearing shorts in the winter." First *and* last chapter:  Fuck it, too much hassle anyway.

Ninja edit: added second part of title for clarity of meaning. Hand-Eye Coordination: Beyond the Mouse Chapter 7: The boob-prop technique.

Did you ever feel your breasts needed to be more "out there" on dates? When you sit down at a table do you think, "My breasts seem so small! What can I do to enhance his focus on my orbs of Awesomeness?"

No longer! With this technique you very simply cross your arms under your breasts and lean your arms on the table. Smile flirtatiously as your B cup gets cleavage worthy of a D as you slyly push your breasts together. Want dessert? Lean forward more. Look interested as his gaze glosses over and you pretend you have no idea why he's trailed off mid-sentence.

Next chapter: "I've got to go.  My roommate just stuck a shiv in her lesbian lover's neck and I need to go apply first aid." Getting out of bad dates with the patented "best friend emergency" technique.

TL; Dr: Get dinner free with titty mind control. To Fedora or not to Fedora Crocs Chapter One: Don't Shower Socially Awkward, it 3 easy steps! 4 Friends = Band.  Now when I was younger (early 20s) pop punk was a big thing.  We picked an relatively unknown emo/pop punk band, mix that in with 4, 19-20 year old kids with a 3 bed room suite (parent's time share) in the Cayman Islands, and you have yourself a very believable lie.  Perfect until your friend plays "your cd" .  Still got laid, in fact everyone got laid.  The best part is when they would ask the "singer" to sing. "No he can't sing right now, he is on vocal rest". "Honest. I don't lie to people just to make them like me, or to get laid. I tell it like it is, and hope they like me."

It worked, too. "My name is Lorenzo VonMatterhorn." I once told a girl that I had two Dads (as in they're gay). She ate that shit up, total panty dropper. I don't even know how I came up with it, just a flash of drunken brilliance.  As a girl all I have to say is "I've never done this before"  Told her I cummed blood. She was a metal head. yeah. "I love you" I once told a woman I was Kevin Costner, and it worked because I believed it. When we first met, my husband told me he used to be addicted to heroin. I liked the bad boy thing, I guess. Six years later I find out he smoked weed, like twice.

So brave. wow so edge I once told a girl my sister had died to be relatable, if you understand what im saying. Im a terrible person. Still banged. Told her I was a 27 year old "systems coordinator" at a law firm.  She was 30 and I was 22.  Totally worked, but the next morning she turned to me and said, "You're not 27 and I bet you're a student too aren't you?"  and then we had sex again don't be silly, of course I am a woman. My buddy used to live the motto "if you ain't lyin, you ain't tryin." I would get phone calls in the middle of the night that went something like this.

Me - hello

Girl- is this soundsjunkie?(giggling)

Me- yeah, who is this? 

Girl - I'm a friend of Murphy's (more giggling) Is he really a fighter pilot? 

Me - yeah, a hero. He saved my life.

Girl - (laughing) oh my god, he's really telling the truth. Oh my god, Jessica, he really is some kind of hero. 


This would happen at least once a week "Fine, we're in a relationship!"

I'm female. We were both naked and he was on top of me when he went, "I can't do this unless we're in a relationship." 

Drunk &amp; horny people promise all sorts of shit and by the time we were done, I sobered up but realized he's my ride home so I can't dump him immediately. Turned into a 2 1/2 years relationship.  "Nice shoes." "Yes, I agree. Greedo shot first." My friend and I play 'Bar Characters' all the time. One night, out in NYC for a weekend, we managed to convince an entire bar on MacDougal that he was the heir to the Johnson &amp; Johnson Fortune and I was his bodyguard. We got a private booth with security blocking photographs and complimentary top-shelf all night. People came from bars all around just to be around us. Not a single person searched any info on their phones- it was absurd. We ended up convincing four or five girls that they were coming to Spain with us on a private jet the next day, banged them out at their apartment, and left. We told them a car would pick them up in the morning.

Awesome night.  Told them I loved them, proposed, planned an entire wedding, got married, went on a honeymoon, still married to this day. Fucking elaborate long con.  Married a girl once. She was one of those religious types -- 10 out of 10 crazy/hot and was waiting for marriage. Never thought I had a chance so I didn't pay much attention to her, which I guess is exactly why she took an interest in me (most guys wouldn't stop bothering her). Eventually we start getting physical, but of course she doesn't want to go all the way until marriage. So finally, I get sick of that shit and tell her we're going to take a romantic vacation. Get in the car and drive to Vegas, the entire time being totally over the top talking about how in love we are and shit. Go gambling and lose a bunch of money to slots and overly fruity alcoholic beverages (we had to share them because we were being romantic and the damn woman wouldn't go for a beer). Finally we head up to the hotel room and I start laying it on thick about how I knew she was the one and blah blah blah. Meanwhile I'm getting her all warmed, letting my hands wander. Finally she says she can't take it anymore and wishes we could just be married so we could do it. I say of course I feel the same way and oh yeah we're in Vegas lets go get married now. Went down stairs, stood in line for a few minutes, got married, went upstairs, had sex, and then went out for cigarettes (I really like the ones back at the gas station in my hometown though, so it was a bit of a drive). Look up a little something called Weekend at Barney's. It was legen... Wait for it... dary, legendary. All the top replies are people saying they would never do this, have you guys not been 18 &amp; drunk?

Anyway I convinced a girl I spent a year starting up a recycling program for kids in India (kids recycling plastic not people recycling kids). By using this the kids were able to break the cycle of poverty and afford school supplies. 

I had no memory of it when I woke up and was questioned about it. Luckily the girl in question though it was hilarious, we dated for 2 years.   I couldn't take it any longer
Lord I was crazed
And when the feeling came upon me
Like a tidal wave
I started swearing to my god and on my mother's grave
That I would love you to the end of time
I swore that I would love you to the end of time!

So now I'm praying for the end of time
To hurry up and arrive
Cause if I gotta spend another minute with you
I don't think that I can really survive
I'll never break my promise or forget my vow
But God only knows what I can do right now
I'm praying for the end of time
It's all that I can do
Praying for the end of time, so I can end my time with you!!! I once told someone I was a fan of One Piece when I'm really only a fan of Naruto  
  
HAHA! I will never understand lying to get laid. £20 is all I have. I once told my wife I got hired by Google.  Inflated my age. At a bar one night hitting on a fifty year old. I told her I was 41. I was 31 at the time. "I don't think your a skank." "Of course you're the first guy I've ever done that with." "I know how it's done."
I, in fact, did not know how it was done.  "I'v never known anyone more beautiful than you." "Yeah, I'll take care of you and your kid. I'm not like other guys." I was 18 at the time and in Amsterdam.  I was at a coffee shop getting ready for a smoke and an amazingly beautiful girl walked up and asked if she could sit down.  I said "sure" and she sat down across from me.  She asked me if I was Australian and confused at first I wondered why she thought that.  She must have taken my Boston accent as an Australian one because all I said was "sure".  Now, I can do a very good Australian accent.  A friend of mine growing up was from there and I was always pretty good at accents.  I've actually had Australians think that I am one of their own because it's that good.  So back to the girl, she asks this in her southern accent and a twinkle in her eye so I went ahead and told her yes I am Australian in my best imitation accent.  She went on how cool it was and how sexy she thought Australian accents were, etc.  So we ended up hanging out all that day and for the next few until we both left the country.  The whole time, with all the pot, mushrooms, hash, booze, I was able to keep up the accent.  I kept it perfect the whole time and was pretty pleased with myself.  It did kind of fuck with me though because for a few weeks or so after I kept randomly feel me talking in that accent and it was a strange feeling.  That was really the only time that I lied to get laid.  It was pretty petty to lie about and I don't think all that deceitful.   ["I'm not really looking for a relationship right now"](http://i.imgur.com/Lsle6xv.gif) "No one will ever know." You could be a part time model.  "I was reading this article that says sex helps with headaches and so your excuse that you have a headache is disproven.The reason being that your brain releases endorphins into your blood vessels in your scalp to relieve tension and make it go away. So....If anything my vagina is the best medicine." Turns out it worked. Not sure if placebo effect or my lies were truths. I present to you, THE PLAYBOOK! I love you
I have also pretended to be gay.  I have also faked being a hardcore bible thumping Christian as well. She's not *that* crazy. I have had sex before. Really just a LOT of porn.  I didn't say this, but it was said to me.

"So you know that Dan Brown book, the Da Vinci Code?  You know how the author researched it like crazy and it's all true, right?  Well, when I read the book it had *even more* meaning for me.  I was one of Jesus's apostles in a past life, I always had these dreams about taking Christ off of a crucifix and smuggling him out of roam with a bunch of other sheep-herders.  When I read that book, BAM!  I knew it was all true!  All my visions were true!  I am one of the 12 apostles of Christ!  I took him to England, where he married Mary and had a ton of kids.

"He was always so into romance too.  He loved it when people were love, and He knew in a second who was perfect for each other.  I learned that from Him, and that's how I know you're perfect for me.  See, you're really an angel, and I'm an apostle, so we're meant to be together!"

It did not work.   "I'm not tired."

Luckily, sex wakes you up.

Edit: "You'll have to make me tell" was probably more extravagant.  If he'd asked again, I'd have dropped the ruse, but that encounter was *fantastic* and one of the first where I got to indulge the inner masochist. I had Pyloric stenosis when I was like 3 months old, so I have the straight cut scar on my abs, to the upper right, above my belly button.

But that's boring, so I just tell 'em I got stabbed in a bar fight, and still beat the shit outa the guy. "I'm a virgin". That my penis is horrendously tiny. Pity sex is what they think it is initially, until they realize how much "bigger" it is than what I said. Yeah, SUPRISE!! It ain't 1.5 inches hard, It is DOUBLE that!!!!! "Of course I know your name." I promised to take a girl to dinner and that I was looking for a relationship.  "i think you're attractive" I was asked if I was Australian and I said yes as a joke but she believed me and I wasn't even putting on an accent. She was just drunk and stupid.  i once told this girl i was bow wow, sent her 10k and had my cousin talk on the phone to her so she wouldnt find it i was a girl. when she came to visit i had a lot of explaining to do so i told her i made the money rapping on open mic night. I said I was a girl. :l "i'm 18" "I can see that this relationship is really going somewhere"

God I was such a prick. Truth was what got William Wallace some fun times. Not so much lies. Its bigger than it looks...  I'm straight. :P "I'm a porn star." Told a girl that I was from Poland and a Photographer and faked a Polish accent. My family is from Poland and I grew up speaking it so that was easy to lie about and I took up photography a few months prior so ( even had my own business cards that a friend made for me ). Broke my accent multiple time in the night and either she was too drunk to notice or didn't care. Left her place early the next morning when she told me her life ambition was to be a dancer on a Caribbean yacht ( she was on my University's dance team ). Not sure if I blatantly lied but definitely stretched the truth enough. 
  "I do" "my wrist doesn't hurt that much it's fine" "I'm a woman" Oh I got this one. My SO told little young naive me, that he could not have children. After waking up one morning, puking and having a positive pregnancy test, I realized he was a lying asshole. He just didn't want to wear a condom, I was young and thought "Nobody would lie about something with such big consequences, right?" Well, 7 years later we have 2 beautiful sons and are quite happy :-)  *I don't have herpes* "I promise this won't make things weird between us" Faked an accent. Does that count? got busted with alcohol in my dorm, told a girl i might be going to jail for an underage and i told her i was really stressed out so she decided i needed a little help destressing.  I won't knot you babe. *Insert How I Met Your Mother reference here* "I will never die"  "I'm not going to sleep with you" Went to an Irish cultural festival on st.pattys day, and spent an hour convincing a girl I was of Irish descent by telling her my buddies entire family story. Needless to say she played with the blarney stone. Oh and I'm also American of Mexican descent.  "I was bit by a space snake, I need you to suck out the space poison." When travelling through Thailand met an Australian guy who studied marine biology.
He'd ask girls what they do for a living and when they asked what he did he'd say he worked in a dolphin shelter. He took case of the wounded dolphins who got caught in fishing nets etc...
He was SO smooth in explaining the whole thing and had the background knowledge to back it up. Guy was a genius Drunkenly told super religious chick that I also loved Jesus and attended summer Jesus camp when I was younger. That I gaves a fuck  I didn't say it but it happened to me in Cuba at the club. I meet a guy and he we get to talking, we happen to "be from" the same city he says when we get back home we'll go on a real date and wants my number. He states he's not trying to take me back to his hotel room, that's not what he's looking for. In my drunken state I take it for a romantic gesture at face value. Fast forward a few years, I'm in a relationship with a military man that's "from" my city but lives 4 hours away. Was told he also lied about not trying to sleep with me that first night.

TL;DR - accidental LDR, sporadic sex 
 Not so much a lie as rescuing a cat. "I PROMISE I will never die." Que all of the how i met your mother references. You people are horrible. I spent a year in Australia. Drunk people will believe anything. I have faked an australian accent many times, and it works pretty well. I'll do anything from "exchange student at the University" to "outback miner on holiday". I even taught my best friend who has never been to australia. He has gotten laid by this process as well. I find it interesting that how a person talks can make him/her 100x more attractive. So yeah, Australian=laid. ITT: Plays by Barney Stinson Related and 1000% true: (I'm in China) No lies to make it happen, but after it was over I made up the most ridiculous lie ever to get rid of her. I used the fake phone call app to call myself, spoke in Spanish 'to my friend Pablo' who 'cut his hand and needed help talking to the Dr. at the hospital' cause his English sucks. She couldn't wait because my roommate and I 'have an agreement of no guests without someone home.' I got all dressed and walked her out, chose the opposite direction. As soon as she got in a cab, I went back up stairs to smoke weed and play Skyrim.

I planned this. I knew in the date that I could get laid, but also knew that she was incredibly annoying and would want to kill myself afterwards. She was hot. "I've never seen Avatar, let's watch that at your place!" 

I don't have to try very hard.  I love you Jesus, does this question really need to pop up every week? "Fucking Mapquest" This is as far from our origin and as close to our destiny as we have ever been. From the blue planet to the red, and forward, into the black.  This first step of humankind on Mars is brought to you by a partnership between NASA and the China National Space Administration, with thanks from our sponsors: Red Bull, Pepsi, Qualcomm, Ford, Nike..... "Oh god, we weren't the first." "Didn't copy that, Houston. I'm having a hard time hearing you over the sound of my throbbing erection." Going down the ladder:

&gt; Neil Armstrong said his first step on the moon was a giant leap for mankind. Well, Neil...

Step onto the surface

&gt; ...Consider this step 2. "Guess that settles it.  There is life on Mars.  Now." They're not green. Repeat, they're not gree


Then don't transmit for another hour or two. Then when transmissions are restored, speak in an unnatural, mechanical voice. 

 This is Three Dog, *howl*, and you're listening to Galaxy News Radio. Can you guys tell I'm filming this in New Jersey? They don't think it be like it is, but it do. Where's that chick with three tits? "First" TIME'S UP. LEEERROYYYYYY JENKINNSSSSS. "I'm not an astronaut how the fuck did I get on Mars?" Man once dreamed of walking on Ma- OH MY GOD WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT HOLYSHIT LOOK IT ITS TEETH ITS COMING THIS WAY KILL IT KILL IT WHY DIDN'T WE PACK A GUNAAAARRGHH.  Houston, there's a sign here.  What does Deutsch Mars Kanzleramt mean? You know what would be great right now? A nice cold &lt;whichever beverage offered to pay me the most money&gt;. "Ow, fuck." as I inevitably trip going down the last rung and land on my face. "This isn't where I parked my car" "VERONICA CORNINGSTONE AND I HAD SEX AND NOW WE ARE IN LOVE!!!!!" "Well, here we are." "Today, man succeeds where Icarus failed. Mr. Armstrong, this one's for you." Where all the white women at? Let it be remembered that on this day humankind relinquished its hatred and malice. For in this moment... we have conquered the God of War.

(Mars=God of War.  FYI)

Yes I've put thought into this before and it's likely that a mission would be an international effort so it fits nicely. Tl;DR fuck bitches get money

Edit: whoops wrong thread I would start crying and mumbling incoherently about America then fall face first on the mars. 

Edit:Mars not moon "I'm only doing this for the karma." "SUCK A DICK ARMSTRONG!!!!! YOU AINT GOT SHIT ON ME!!!" I'm on mars! AMA! I shall post this how it should be announced.

"That's two small steps step for man, and another colossal leap for mankind. Retweet at nasa hash-tag yolo-swag two-K-thirteen." "Yeah Bitch! Science!" Oh sweet! A penny! I'm so getting laid for this.  "farting inside this space suit was a big mistake" "The eagle has landed". 
Or steal from gladiator: "what we do in life echoes in eternity" and then stomp my footprint into the Martian surface  **"HOLY FUCKING SHITBALLS I'M ON FUCKING MAAAAAA**

*gasp*

**AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"**

I get excited easily. "Still better than Detroit"  "Ewww, it's all sticky!" Started from the bottom now we here "Hi mom!" "With this step I leave behind me the worries of the world. War, famine, inequality and prejudice do not exist here. A new step for mankind is upon us." "OH MY GOD MY FOOT, AHHH MU LEG WHAT IS HAPPENEING?!?!?!?".  Just Kidding folks, this is awesome. I'd probably slip while going down the ladder and exclaim "oh shit" "Widdly Scuds" "Holy shit it really is red. Are we on? When does the broadcast start?" I claim this planet in the name of the Earth or my name isn't Duck Dodgers in the 21st and a half century! I think we all know it will go something like this: " Man this *insert poduct here* is amazing even all the way on Mars" followed by "Mankind has..... " . They own us :( “由于科学发展和无限想象力——我们已经到达了火星。我们今天站在离我们家两亿两千五百万公里的行星上，是人类走向将来的进一步。遥望下一步，我们的心里洋溢着期待和憧憬。”

&gt;"Owing to scientific development and limitless imagination, we have reached Mars. Today is one step further on the path towards the future as we stand on a planet that is 225 million kilometers from our home. Our hearts filled with expectation and yearning as we look on towards our next step." "Watch Community on NBC." "First person to fap on mars, bitches" Ok, I'm on Mars. Now what? What if the alien invaders we see in the movies are us?  And this is the first step of universal conquests?

Humanity!  Conquering heroes! Space, the last frontier!  Let's discover it and take it over!  Hurrah!

 I'm freakinidiot. Welcome to Jackass. "Well, fuck. There's nothing here." Looks like a perfect place to build a city based on gambling and entertainment, there is more water here than Las Vegas anyways. Whose house?  

      RUN'S house!

I said whose house? 

      Say what? Say what?

Run's house!

  Get your ass to Mars.  *said in Arnold's voice* The surface is not Chocolate, and there seems to be no sign of caramel nuts. "I've been festering a fart for some time now, and I fear what may happen if I let it out. Houston...please advise." thank you based god "What the fuck are you little guys doing up here?! No, no wait please I won't tell anyone"!!!! *Incoherent screams of being brutally murdered I'm making my own planet

With blackjack and hookers We are no longer restricted. It is time to leave home. Today, we mark these things as a breakthrough in human exploration. Today, we look back on where we came from, that pale blue dot, and we look forward into the expanse of all that we have yet to discover. Tomorrow, something like this will be pedestrian. It will be commonplace. What I am today is what we will all be tomorrow. I'm not sure about the content of my speech, but I dedicate it to the brave men and women that worked hard for the last ___ years to get us to Mars. I dedicate it to the memory of the Apollo 1, Challenger, and Columbia crews. I also walk on Mars in the memory of Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, Michael Collins, and John Glenn.   This is Humanity's first step towards a greater future wherein we prove our worth as a species. No longer are we bound only to the Earth, fully dependent upon it, and restricted to its fate alone. Today is the day that mankind stands and says, "We are here, and we WILL make the cosmos take notice of us." ["Amazing things will happen here. You just wait."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wj9jq8s36s#t=0h15m15s) "AIN'T NO CHOCOLATE ANYWHERE ON THIS BITCH!!!" "I hereby claim this rock in the name of Denslow." Dis shit is tight, yo Is this real life, or is it fantasy? I wouldn't say a thing. "And we stand here on this new world and find ourselves looking to the next" (Europa) DUCK DODGERS!!! IN THE TWENTY-FOURTH AND A HALF, CENTURYYYYYY!!!!! Wormsign! I would say, "Space...the Final Frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before."  Better red than dead. Hey Houston. Mission Control Operator 3. 20 bucks when I get back. I told you I'd do it. *bitch* "Can confirm: The martians from Stranger in a Strange Land are the shit." "I did it mom!" I don't know, but I know that I would immediately follow it with "And now a word from our sponsors" "I take this step not as a  recently immigrated Chinese citizen, but as a citizen of the world. That said, dibs." "The stars have called on us, and we have answered them. Today, humanity enters a new age." This isn't where i parked my car. One small step for ma- WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT THING!!!

Oh Oh shit, get back in the spaceship it walking toward us!!! This is not a moment solely for American history, but for world history. As we embark on a journey that will further our progress as a civilization, enhance our scientific minds and open a world our forefathers have only dreamt of. "Well fuck, maybe signing up for this one trip journey thing wasn't that great of an idea after all.." "Ooh, it's all sticky! It's covered in JAM!" "You watching this 'Murica?! Are you watching me? First motherfucker on MARS, Bitches! Yea." "I farted" I need to stop drinking... Welp, we're here, now what? "And once again, life returns" "Ah fuck, I stepped on something. Fucking litterer." Something is looking at me ALIENS! Just like the gypsy woman said! Shit happens when you party naked.  "HOLY SHIT THIS IS SO COOL! WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" "EWWW IT'S STICKY!"

Thank you Eddie Izzard. Humanity's small step has become a great stride.  "Claiming this planet for America, suck it rest of the world." It's a god-awful small affair, to the girl with the mousy hair... This is as far from our origin and as close to our destiny as we have ever been. From the blue planet to the red, and forward, into the black. "This one's for Mr. Gorsky." #whaddup "Marvin?  Is that you?" "With these small steps, mankind begins to prepare for our next giant leap.  (said in a historically mindful voice) Fuckin' A! (Screamed at the top of my lungs)" LE REDDIT ARMY IS HERE! YOLO SWAG 420 EUPHORIC ATHEIST LELELE "Can you hear me now?" "It is good" EVERYTHING IS SO RED "Other chocolate bars are available".  I win the race, bitches! SHIT!!!! There here! I repeat THEY ARE HERE. Houston do you copy?!?! Prepare for an invas... Err... Houston... What's that hissing sound? "Why the fuck did we not do this sooner?" I wouldn't know what to say, so I'd probably say "fuckin hell" under my breath Uh oh. "Along with the first leap on moons, there has been a pace." "So marks another step of humanity towards greatness. That which was previously unthinkable has become reality once more. Think of what else we can accomplish, should we simply put our minds towards it." Hooray for Me!!! sup The left lane is for passing. Ya'aa'tey Baba Booey Baba Booey Howard Stern Baba Booey  "One small step for [garbled] man . . ." "Anyone see where I put my phone?"  "Oops!!!" Whumph! -Me missing the last step and falling on my ass.  "Its orange. Huh. Who would of thought." I'm on the fucking moon! "How fragile we are under the sheltering sky. Behind the sheltering sky is a vast dark universe, and we're just so small."  ~Paul Bowles I've been in there for fuckin' hours! Where's the pisser? Its covered in jam! The farther we travel, the more we shall know. Together we go, into the unknown. I really have to update my iPhone. I was supposed to be at my moms house days ago.  I love lamp. Whatever the Illuminati told me to #inb4armstrong
 Dammit, I stubbed my fucking toe. "Jesus, this looks like where I just fucking came from!"

I'm from Utah. Which is practically mars but with plants. "Damn! I trusted that fart." Well even if we said something stupid, the government would release an audio clip of you saying something a lot more inspirational. For all we know, Neil Armstrong said "hot damn I could really use me a bathroom built into the suit. I haven't jacked off in days!" I'd say "One small step for A man -- that's 'A' man, copy? -- one giant leap for mankind. "Ooh, it's all squishy!" Well, now the women can fuck off back to Venus! "You just lost The Game." "I lost the game." I stand on this planet, not as a person but as.... Wait.... What are those things? They're fast! Oh god they've everywhere! OH GOD! THEY'RE ON TOP OF ME! AAHHHHRRRGG (static)

Just kidding, it's boring as hell up here. "Dad, remember when you said I wouldn't amount to anything?  I just took a piss on mars." "Feels it's good to be home." Pretty sure I'd just sing Life on Mars by David Bowie "My first act here on Mars is to declare Martian independence from the tyrannical grasp of Earth. Any act of hostility from Earth will be met with swift and brutal retaliation. Long live the New Martian Empire."  "Aaaaaand Cuttt…" "As much as that one small step in 1969 meant for mankind, it's only now, as I make a second small step, that we can consider ourselves on a journey." "This second leap for mankind was brought to you by Doritos and Mountain Dew." I'd imagine that it'd be something like this: http://members.shaw.ca/rlongpre01/moon.html Hopefully something along the lines of "Another great step forwards in the exploration of our great solar system."  
  
Realistically...**"WOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I'M ON MARS!"** "Looks like there really is life on mars... this guy" "Where the fuck is Marvin?!" "I'm stepping on the surface now. People of Earth, we...hey...what's that?...Why?...I'm...Aaagh!...It's a...AAARGH! Their eyes! Oh God, why are their eyes so...Oh, it burns! I can't...I can't...Help! They're coming out of...SSSSHHHH...GAAAAHH..."

Then mute your mic and giggle. First interplanetary prank. Two Weeks "Houston - we're back in business." "Hold my beer"  "the ass was fat" For a joke i would say:
 "Hey guys, i thought we were going to mars; but this is Arizona."

For a more serious tone i would say:
"If the moon was one giant leap for mankind then this is humankind taking flight." "I'm from Buenos Aires and I say kill em' all!" I, your history teacher, have a butt for a face.

Seriously guys, trust me, you'll laugh at this in 10 years time. "Fuck, I crushed my chocolate" And we shall call her, New Netherlands. A journey of 10 to the 11 metres started with a single step. Let's reflect on this accomplishment, and celebrate, united, for this moment. *pause*  Now, let's all look out at how far we still have to go. "Yeah, well, NOW there's life on Mars" "May we treat this planet better than we have our own." "ARES! I HAVE REACHED YOUR EPONYMOUS DOMAIN! GRANT ME ETERNAL LIFE!" then off comes the helmet Scooty-Puff Juniors suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! As I'm in the lander, preparing to exit,

"Niel Armstrong's words are echoing through my mind. I was trying to think of something great to say, something everyone back home, on Earth, can look to for inspiration."

As I walk down the ladder,

"But now that I'm here, I am at a loss for words. All I can say is the truth."

Step on Mars,

"I'm a long way from home, but I'm not afraid. Because I know a whole planet is watching over me. This is mission Commander GSpiff, first reporting from The Red Planet." Smoke weed everyday! "Hold my beer" JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN  Today, the human body has been allowed to soar as high as the human spirit. Earth, I am going down the ladder. *I shouldn't have eaten those space burritos* Only two steps left. I am touching the ground right *ohmygoditsrunningdownmylegs* one small step for *oh the smell. I think I am gonna throw up in my mouth* mankind *mmmbuueeeeeghhh* World, we walk in unison, onto this horizon and beyond all others. "THEY'RE. RAPING. ME!!!!!" I would rickroll the shit out of that opportunity God damn it Apple Maps! They should have sent a poet. That's one quick selfie for me. One giant AMA for Reddit.  "Is this thing on?" "i had something prepared for this, but honestly now that im here there are no words to fully explain the depth of this beauty. in a thousand years we will look back at this as the infancy of a great era. our first tenuous steps towards a massive as yet unexplored jungle gym. we have gazed at it with child like fixation, and as any child would we steadied ourselves as we stood on shaky legs before making our way to the source of our fixation. we are that child balancing himself on the bars of a jungle gym bouncing with excitement. each step bringing him further into a world of amazement which he will explore for years to come. and one day he will step confidently through that jungle gym and the world around it. shepherding the next generation as they take their first tenuous steps towards humanities continued journey through the cosmos." "This is it.  If I take one more step, it will be the farthest away from home I've ever been." HILLARY BANKS, WILL YOI MARRY MEEEEEEEE Climbing down the ladder to the surface, and turning about to gaze upon the vast redness, when I notice two well-dressed figures carrying briefcases walking towards me.. "Are... are those Jehovah's Witnesses?!?" Well, I know a few groups that are attempting this feat right now, but if I were the one to make that step... I don't think I'd be able to contain myself. The excitement would be overwhelming and my statement would be along the lines of "Well shit! So this is how it's like..! Let's go exploring real quick before setting anything up!" and then I'll quickly hop off in search of a previous rover landing only to be called back by my fellow astronauts. :) How do I shit in this thing? "Dejah Thoris! I'm Home!" "I'm as happy as a pig in dust"

"Tie bacon 'round your head!"

 I am the supreme ruler of Mars, get off my land I wonder if I can stick my Dick in that 
"And so man reaches his breadth across planets and his insignificance becomes that much less and his knowledge of it becomes that much more." Science bitches!! ***smoke weed everyday**** Here is Lifon Mars "Where the hell is Pigfarts?" "It's going okay" Oh my god it's coming right for us! "A Mars a day, helps you work, rest and play" "oh shit. I'm on Mars". -for the Alan Moore fanboys. I don't know what the words will be, but it is starting to look like it won't be in English. .............well..................It's not Cork....... And so it begins, the dawn of a new age.  It would appear that the surface of the plannet is a giant hologram, beneath which lies a planet-wide mega-metropolis... the creatures... they're all under 1 meter tall, and look like hairless squirrel monkeys.   I give a short but eloquent speech, but trip over my land-barge moon-boots and end up spitting out "ow, fuck" as my face smashes into the red dirt. "Well, here we are." OHHHH i hope i get back!! #weinder     BRAWWWUGGGGNIGURRRG

-Died from freezing "Blow me, bitches" Dude, did you fart? Here, hold my beer.
 It's actually a pretty big step ...and uh yup, it's all rocks.  Dibs! John Doe has the upper hand!  Shout out to Reddit Line?  Fuck it I'll do it live! Two steps for man, three steps for man kind.&gt;Just like Neil Armstrong, your words will be remembered.

 Forgive me I'm a little rusty with this... God damn apple maps, I was trying to get to Micdonalds. Spirit...I'm home. How was Curiosity today? "......meh"
 "My name is Commander Sheppard, and this is my favourite planet in the solar system." Mission Control was filled with the sound of furious typing and clicking. Ned looked at the giant displays showing different readouts from satellites and the Mars lander. there was one screen which showed an astronaut closing the airlock. Ned watched as he secured the hatch and began the depressurization process.

"Captain Olsen. Do you read?"

Captain Olsen turned to face the camera and gave a thumbs up. Ned gave a small smile. Decades of work had been put into this mission. Billions of dollars had been spent to create the most impressive Mars habitat that mankind could dream up. This moment was the culmination of thousands of scientists, designers, engineers, and industry workers. Just as the world had watched Neil Armstrong take his first step onto the surface of the moon, the entire world is now watching as Captain Olsen prepared to take mankind's first step on the red planet. 

"Captain Olsen, the whole world is watching. This is a moment that will never be forgotten. Your first words outside of that hatch will be remembered for generations to come." Ned said.

Captain Olsen again turned to the camera and gave a thumbs up. He moved to the outer hatch. He grasped the handle and with a deep breath he opened the door and stepped through. The video feed switched over to an overhead view looking down on Captain Olsen. He shut the hatch and turned around on the platform and looked at the view that no other human being had ever seen. He turned around and grasped the platform railings and began to make his way down the ladder. The video camera followed captain Olsen as he stepped off the ladder and on the the red dirt of Mars. He turned around and took a few steps away from the Mars Lander.

"So, Captain Olsen, What are your thoughts? The whole world wants to know." Ned said.

"We... We made a mistake... We should have never had come here." Captain Olsen stammered.

Suddenly all comm feeds from the Mars Lander went to static. All readouts from the lander began to fly off the charts before the readouts stopped receiving input. The vital signs from the crew members spiked for a brief instant then went flat. For all Ned knew, the Mars Lander, Captain Olsen and his crew no longer existed on the surface of the red planet.



**VERSION TWO**



Mission Control was filled with the sound of furious typing and clicking. Ned looked at the giant displays showing different readouts from satellites and the Mars lander. there was one screen which showed an astronaut closing the airlock. Ned watched as he secured the hatch and began the depressurization process.

"Captain Olsen. Do you read?" Ned asked

Captain Olsen turned to face the camera and gave a thumbs up. Ned gave a small smile. Decades of work had been put into this mission. Billions of dollars had been spent to create the most impressive Mars habitat that mankind could dream up. This moment was the culmination of thousands of scientists, designers, engineers, and industry workers. Just as the world had watched Neil Armstrong take his first step onto the surface of the moon, the entire world is now watching as Captain Olsen prepared to take mankind's first step on the red planet. 

"Captain Olsen, the whole world is watching. This is a moment that will never be forgotten. Your first words outside of that hatch will be remembered for generations to come." Ned said.

Captain Olsen again turned to the camera and gave a thumbs up. He moved to the outer hatch. He grasped the handle and with a deep breath he opened the door and stepped through. The video feed switched over to an overhead view looking down on Captain Olsen. He shut the hatch and turned around on the platform and looked at the view that no other human being had ever seen. He turned around and grasped the platform railings and began to make his way down the ladder. The video camera followed captain Olsen as he stepped off the ladder and on the the red dirt of Mars. He turned to take a step but his foot struck a rock and Captain Olsen fell flat, a small poof of red dirt rose into the (lack of) air around him.

"FUCK!" Captain Olsen shouted. Going down the ladder: "It sure is quiet out there"      
Step onto the surface: "Looks like i picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue." "This moon landing was presented by [insert name of highest bidder]" So guy's where's the booze and the bitches? How is there a Starbucks up here already!?! Dance a jig a sing something terrible then curse loudly " this is a fake set up by the Jewish controlled media!!!" suck it Neil How can you say the sky is the limit when there's footsteps on Mars? Farting in my space suit was not a good idea.  "Hey Steve, listen, I think I left my stove on, could you run next door to my house and check? Thanks." "To the age old question asked by every child at one point in their lives, "Are we there yet?" The answer; yes." ~ Mecrosis's wife. [Two months ago and 7 upvotes...](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1jogdg/if_you_were_the_first_person_to_walk_on_mars_what/)

What's your secret OP? We did the impossible and that makes us mighty.
 Ps I hear by declare my self he first Martian emperor  "The guys back home won't believe what I did today" "We have stepped foot on another planet. We have extended our horizons to a new level. We are here, we are among the stars." One small step for man. One giant step for **MARTIANS!** LOOK AT 'EM THEY'RE TINY! "For a planet named after the God of War, we've landed quite peacefully. Perhaps -- one day -- all of mankind, too, will be able to find peace amidst the bloodshed and conflict that so seems to surround us."

Provided, of course, it's actually a smooth ride. Freak out like this:
'Holy shit! What the hell IS that thing? Oh my god! It's coming toward me! Aaaahhh!' 
Silence. 
'Gotcha!'  "We did it Reddit." "Don't drink the water" Damn my balls itch "Another step in a long journey for all mankind."

Ive thought about this. Um, it's been great and all up here, but you shitty politicians down there can put NASA back together for just long enough to get me back down, that'd be great! 'Merica I'd quote Lil Wayne "I wonder if there really is life in spaa --AAAHHHHH" "This is simply amazing! Wow, I...AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH OH GOD GET IT OFF OF ME...AAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!" We landed on the moon.

We landed on an asteroid.

We sent two hunks of junk into interstellar space.

We landed an SUV here on Mars.

And here we are again. At the beginning of the end of ages past. And an acceleration towards the next golden age.

Godspeed. "where the fuck is Jebadiah Kerman when we need him" "Well, here we are."

Also you title should say 'humanity's first step' 'Well this is a bit shit really' "I am making my way down the ladder...(slips) ohh shit, god damn it, this would happen to me, i'm slowly falling down to mars now." "YEAH, SCIENCE!"

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQR1r1KTjaE "It's one small step to boldly go for man, one giant leap to troll all of the Grammar Nazis of mankind. Oh yeah, and, I'm on Mars, bitches!" LEEROY....JENKINS!!!!! "As I step out into this strange and barren landscape I can't help but dream of what is to come and admire what we are ourselves becoming. With each step we take into the unknown we expand out knowledge and seek to find place in this great universe." Sojourner, Opportunity, Curiosity... and now, Humanity. We come in peace, for all mankind. As the astronaut descended the ladder and leapt onto the red, dusty surface of this planet, silence was held over the intercom for a multitude of seconds. What was not even a minute felt like hours for those watching at home, and those on Earth who eagerly awaited the mans words.

"DarkPie, did you make it to the surface?" Silence over the radio, longer than it should take for a response. "DarkPie, did you-" the voice was cut short by the man on the tiny red rock. "I heard you, Houston. I'm here." The sigh of relief swept through the scientists as the men and women at home cheered, but there was something missing. Neil gave his words, where were DarkPie's? 

"What do you think of the planet" the scientist asked. Silence. Silence kept the attention of the NASA employees, and tugged at the patience of those back home. 

"I... I feel sorry for it, Houston." This response seemed off, even startling to a few of them. It seemed to be the last response they were expecting, but the astronaut continued before they could question any further.

"We have found, in this rock, water. We have found minerals. We came here, one ship at a time, sending unmanned mission after unmanned mission, to confirm what is on this planet. With me, we confirmed the most important thing of all Houston. We can make it. Humans can come here, land and maneuver on the surface. We can walk around. We see that there is an abundance of unclaimed, seemingly unaltered  landscape all around us.

"And we want it. What do I think of the planet, Houston? I think that we're going to sink our claws into it and, before we even know what's going on, its going to be as bad off- maybe even worse off, than planet Earth. I think this planet should be treated as a wonder, and yet its going to turn into a real estate. I'm just happy to have made it while it is still its own."

Silence. The radio had gone silent, those back home were in shock. A few blew off his words, but for those who were listening with wonder and hope, they took a second to think of his words. They realized he was right. "You there, Houston?" the astronaut inquired.

"Yeah.... Yeah we hear you, DarkPie. Go ahead and collect the samples and come home..." The scientists sounded disturbed, almost shaken. "Roger that. Will alert you when I'm finished... Houston?" The response was nearly immediate. "Yes, DarkPie?"

"Please, don't bother contacting me. Ill alert you when the samples are gathered, and answer what questions you have. Until then, just... Let me have this moment." Though at the beginning of the trip it may have been denied, the silence proved that it wouldn't be. These people who'd placed their thoughts along with this astronaut had been changed by his words. They agreed with him, if only for the moment. "... Roger that. Talk to you soon." While walking down the ladder: The dreams of all mankind has led to this. All the hope and dreams of great thinkers have brought me here. I take this final step unto this strange new world representing the dreams of humankind. 

Steps down: Welcome to the dawning of a new hope, the living dream of many. A dream brought to fruition.  One more step for a man.  One more giant leap for mankind. YOLO!  ***"Coca Cola!"***

Then when I return, I retire a very wealthy man on the enormous billion-dollar endorsement deal I had secretly negotiated beforehand.

*(h/t to Robert Klein)* "What... what... NOOOO! THEY ARE COMING! NO ONE IS SAFE!" Thirty seconds later; "Just kidding." "one...similarly sized...step for man, one...slightly more giant...step for mankind" *Sings a whole new world from the little mermaid* Crap I left the oven on, lets go back boys Could you say that a little louder? It's hard hearing you all the way on Mars. Ah fuck, quicksand.  Here, hold my beer. Let's fuck and evolve a new specie of humans for Mars "I have a feeling that this is the first of many for us"  I need about tree fiddy. "Well, now what?" WORLDSTAR HIPHOP! Steppin on mars, do do do doooooo (spongebob steppin on the beach) "I says biiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttcccccccccchhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." "Damn nigga" I just shit myself YOU WILL SLAY US ALL ON SIGHT. "why are there already footprints"? Damn vikings were here first! Don't worry everyone. I'll subdivide. You can purchase some land off me once you get here. "Here's looking at you gold!" Eww... Its all sticky... I see red I see red I see reeeedd. *Breaking out into dance* "Shit nigga, it's all red and shit. Hey Andre, smoke a blunt fo me!" This place is big.....that's what she said. "................ Well this sucks." Welcome home humanity. "can you all hear my silence?" My anus is bleeding. MY ANUS IS BLEEDING! RAVIOLI RAVIOLI GIVE ME THE FORMUOLI "Yeah! Well the jerk store called! They're running outta you!" This shit so dusty, yo! We need some lotion up in this ashy motherfucka! IT'S ALL STICKY!!  This dirt be red as fuck. Allah Akhbar !!!! Followed by screaming and gunshots. "That's one small step for man one giant step for man kind (FIXED)" Who got the hooch? "Ahhhhhh! ... it was a mistake!" "Huh... there really are enemy Nordic ETs up here-"

\*TRANSMISSION SILENCED* I would say, "We were halfway down the ladder, when the drugs began to take hold." I hereby proclaim, in the name of America, dibs. You guys should have in mind that communication wouldn't be quite as easy as on the moon. Your words would arrive on earth about 15 minutes after you said them. So timing between speaking and taking your first step would be important aswell. 'Merica in da house Bitches! "Awww shit I missed." -ltouchmyself Ah, shit, I forgot my keys! "I call dibs!"
 "One small step for man, one.. AH FUCK!" One small step for ***A*** man, one giant leap for mankind. I claim this planet for Canada! "I did it for me. I liked it, I was good at it. I was really… I was alive. Either:

"Mars, bitch!"

or,

"I think I left the oven on." "Where the fuck is that cat murdering rover?" Thanks Obama! MAAAASHED POTAAAATOOOOOOOES! "Hey guys, watch this"  LEEEEEEEROYYYYYYY JENKINSSS God damn, this suit makes my balls itch "Daddy's home." Where's the Beef? "GET DA WATER, NIGGA!" Where is Marvin? "It wasn't me!" IT'S ALL STICKY! AMERICA! FUCK YEAH! I'm torn between "JOHN MADDEN!" or "Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu" [It wasn't me!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=ndj_dS4jImA#t=426) this must be India, how are you 'green indians?' "I am now officially the most attractive man on the planet." One small step for man, one giant step for OMGARRGHHBARGGLLYLL[radio science]
 DIBS! "LEEEEEROOOOOOOYYYY JENNNNNKINNNNNS!" OMG - There are human skeletons here Red bull gives you wings.

Red bull missed a golden marketing opportunity when Fenix Bumgardener (lol) Jumped off that baloon. 

Think of the money! Climbing down the ladder:

"I'd like to ask all the the people who doubted us, do you like apples?"

Step off the ladder:

"How do you like them apples?" "So uhh, mars is pretty cool"  

Guarantee this is what I would really say.  "Well, I guess this isn't the mall.." "Dibs". PENIS  Yes Mom, For the last time the air hose is connected to suit already. Yes, for the last time I am getting out of the capsule first! This step brought to you by KFC, Lowes, NASA, Clorox bleach, Colgate, and Boeing. Now send the money to my family, because I am now stuck here.  #ImInMarsBitch

Edit: theres supposed to be a hashtag before that but it isn't showing up "Before, we ventured out of our backyard, today, we take our steps with the gods" I know we don't talk any more. I know you don't care about what I have to say. This was the only way I thought I could get you to listen, because the whole world is listening. 

I'm sorry. 

I know that doesn't mean much, but I needed you to hear it. I needed to say it. Because I mean it. Reddit: the de-facto inspiration for quotes used in humanities great moments. Never gonna give you up. Alright, I brought a couple of extra flags. How much is it worth which country's I put down? "Aw fuck, it's all sticky." My balls are itching! This is the beginning of turning a foreign landscape into a common sight, our journey, a road trip, and this hostile rust covered rock, a home. FÖR SWÄRJE I TIDEN! "HOLY SHIT! ALIENS" ... then id go silent for about 30 seocnds.  "As I take this first momum..." 

"Well, hey there little buddy. Aren't you cute. You want an ear scratch? Alright then, here we g... AGAHHHAHHHH!!!! OH GOD!!! IT BIT THROUGH THE SUIT!!! OH SWETT JE&gt;&gt;&gt;ASFGA........................."


"Just kidding Houston. Mars is fucking sweet." And they said smoking weed would prevent me from been succesful "Goddamn, space is one cold motherfucker." They're breaking through the damn walls man! Game over Man! GAME OVER! then I would make it of just staticy but start doing alien snarl noises scare everyone I win...... The Game!!!!! Whatever Mars, Incorporated tells you to say, as you bite into a tasty Mars bar, because you have sold out to corporate interests. Comb the desert! "America wins, again." "Shit i forgot my camera" Houston, this feels truly historic.  I'm taking the first couple of steps on Mars and WHATTHEHELLISTHAT?!?  IT HAS A GUN!

Just kidding.

As I was saying, this momentous occasion ... This is so retarded, and I just farted! "Someone asks this question on Reddit about every 3 weeks or so." "Now where did we park the rover?" "Wow, you don't think it be like it is, but it do" "This is what it feels like to chew Five Gum." Eww it's all sticky!!  I would trip, and shout, "Oh, shit!" "Hey where's that chick with 3 boobs?" I'm cold, lets go back. As I step on mars I would say something profound. But as im going down the ladder I'd probably be bitching about how this is a waste of time and in a few years they would find a way to put a starbucks on this bitch if the landing craft didn't already have one.  My stomach hurts. We are the new Martians, The new Gods of War ! *faps* Hold my dick neil Ladies, form two single file lines. This isn't where I parked my car... "If you want to see a similar place on Earth, go to Death Valley, viewers." "The money spent to bring me here safely could have fed the world for years.  I'm here... now what?" Everything is so...red "This is bitchin'." "Why is it so red?" I must've taken a wrong turn at Albuquerque.  Science Bitch! "I just stepped on what appears to be shit, and it isn't mine" "I know I should have turned left in Albuquerque"  "Shit I think I left the cooker on" "Dibs!" or "Titty sprinkles!" I would put up an auction and whoever pays the most can get me to say whatever they want.The world's best advertisement worth millions of dollars. I would be on Mars AND I would be rich. The game. "I had to come this far to avoid Jehovah's witnesses." "Don't you worry Show, I got it! AAAAAAAAARGGH! MY QUAD!" We win again Russia Everybody's dead Dave. Dave everybody's dead.  Damn it, I have a stone in my shoe! Let me just take this off for a second. Alright, now where the hell is Curiosity? Science motherfuckerrrrrrrsssss. Guys, it's totally blue.  Hodor ? Holy fuck I'm on Mars This planet looks nothing like it did in Doom... "This is one small step for.... oh you know the rest" "That's one .  . oh, fuck, I tripped   .   .  " Where am I? I knew I should've taken that left at Albuquerque. "If you guys think I'm coming back..." Jack Nicholson sent me to take this planet down.  "john denver is full of shit" Wha... Who's footprints are those??!  Whatever commercial entity paid me the most to say.  I would be rich, and retire to my home in the country, never to see people again. "It wasn't me!" "Well, that was fast, it took only 30 seconds." "I'm bored now" "I'm sure The Simpsons did it first." Mars One, U mad bro? ba da BUH DUH DUH da duh - Mars!

ba da da da


ba da BUH DUH DUH da duh - Mars!

ba da da da


(Gary Glitter's "Rock and Roll pt 2") "shit. ... oops ... sorry Houston, just a little fuck up ... I mean everything is under control ... one more giant leap just fuckin happened"

i'm clumsy and I sometimes talk too much when nervous. &gt;One small breath for man... one giant breath for &lt;cough.. cough&gt;
&lt;end transmission&gt; "Cool, wi-fi signal... hold on a second... oh^my^GOD." AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!  AAAAHAAAAHGGHHHHGHHNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! "Dibs" Everything is soo GREEN!!!! just to to fuck with everyone "Triple-tits, here I come!" "Hell, it's about time." [HOLY MACARONI](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxrzmroRL-s) I claim this planet in the name of me. All of you, off my planet. "Huh. Looks like Arizona." "Today we take another step, another leap in the forward march of humanity" Itty bitty boat. "I knew I shoulda taken a left at Albuquerque" After we're done, you guys want to hit the bar on 7th street. I hear theres this waitress there with an amazing ass. Wait? What do you mean we started filming?!  I'm ravecow... go fuck yourself San Diego "wow...so much more calm and peaceful than Earth. i think I'll stay here." "FUCK YAH"  of course the news would have to clean it up a little. Comin at yeee haw!! My God, it's full of stars. "there's just so much blood..." This thing on?  Hello!? ack ack ack... "Take that ya damn commies." I'm about to take the first step. Oh shit! (Slow motion fall) "So...where were the spiders?" with my best David Bowie voice.  I've made a huge mistake. "We have made it to mars, surely we can go further"

I dunno maybe something in that vein.  "Sure beats walking on the moon."  Man! Holding a shit in this suit sucks!! "What the hell is that? OH MY G"--- *cuts the radio off*

5 minutes later: "Don't worry Houston, everything's fine!" "Pop Pop!" "Huston, Vonnegutt got it right" I forgot my fucking phone charger! Id just moon walk on Mars. If I take one more step, this is furthest from home I've ever been. Not so much a quote, more about human unity. Nothing nationalistic... Pointless. Nationalism just separates us. Imagine if I was the first person to land on mars? that would be so fucking weird. If I returned home, I would be so famous, Seems like I'd be walking into a golden coated prison. It would help my inspiring dreams to be leader of my country one day though... That'd be pretty cool.  Infecting another planet with humans in three, two, one! I've got to take a massive shit. "Where's the Grand Canyon?" The King of Mars has arrived. Turn up. Take a look at the law man

Beating up the wrong guy

Oh man, I wonder if he'll ever know

He's in a best-selling show

Is there life on Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaars Oh my god. They are here.     Cut transmission "As I take this monumental step for all humankind something something Go Cowboys!"   "Oh my goodness I've found life! Oh shit I stepped on it..." "Ack ack ack ACK ACK!" "Wild for the night, fuck bein' polite" Something that is very inappropriate and doesn't represent the timelessness of the moment in the slightest. Shit. I left the iron on.  "Greg took a shit on the way here that was really bad and we couldn't open any windows, thank fucking god we're finally here. What? Live? Oh shit, what should my first words be?" "I have an odd sense of Deja Vu." "Dibbs." One.. small step for man... one... Giant loss for nestle. #yoloswag We Mars now. COHAGGEN GIVE THESE PEOPLE AIR!! DAMMIT NASA YOU PROMISED WIFI! "2 weeks" The traditional Canadian mating ritual:  I hit her in the face with a puck. I was 7, she was my friend's cousin (she comes down to visit once a year), and my friend being 3 years older than me, thought it would be fun to marry us. They made us dress up,put a veil over her, and had a ceremony.

Fast forward 12 years later, my friend reminded me it was her birthday, so I text her out of the blue "Happy Birthday Wife!" And she responds "Thank you Husband!" Shortly after we started talking, and ended up driving 4 hours just to see her. It was a weekend I'll never forget. 
So my friend asks when the wedding is, but I jokingly reply "What? We're already married!" 

TL;DR: I started dating my wife.
 She was my sister's friend in high school.  My sister asked me to drive her and several friends to a park.  I dumped a pitcher of water on my SO's head.  

We're still together almost 40 years, 4 kids and 4 grandkids later. I worked at a clothing store. He came in and was shopping around. He asked me if I could help him put together an outfit. I put him in the changing room with a ton of cute outfits and he looked awesome. He made me laugh and he was a lot of fun. Then right when I'd finished ringing him up, I asked him if he was going somewhere in particular:

Him: "A date. But now all I have to do is get the girl to say yes."   
Me: "You're such a nice guy though, you should just ask her!"  
Him: "Well, will you go out with me tomorrow night?"  

*swoon.*

He later told me he'd just wanted a new outfit but saw the opportunity so why not, lol. Knock at the door.
Me: Hello?
Beautiful Blonde Young Woman: Yeah, I left my lights on and now my car's battery is dead. Can you give me a boost?
Me: Um. Yes.
One year later we were married. Been married just over 20 years now.
 His beagle was humping my shepherd vigorously at the dog park.  I posted almost the exact same thing in another thread but it got zero visibility. I really like talking about this which is why I'm reposting it!

I met her in a bar. I was meeting up with my buddy and his wife to hang out over the Christmas holiday and when I got there, his wife had a few female friends from their summer job at the table. I noticed her right away. Throughout the course of the night I was just drawn to her. Her personality, her beauty - everything clicked for me. This was something new for me because I typically preferred being alone before and was incredibly picky. I would never put any effort into dating because I never felt that strongly about any girl I could potentially date. I just didn't feel the need to put in the effort for someone I knew wasn't right. She was right.

We left the bar without exchanging any information but she didn't leave my mind. The next day, I was at a wedding and playing on my phone in the back of the church (I'm classy like that). My friend's wife posts on Facebook asking if anyone wanted to go bowling later that evening. "Here's my chance!" I thought. After the wedding, I drove over to my friend's house, suit and all, to say that I wanted to go bowling and that she should invite her friends from last night. So I go to the wedding reception and explain to a few close friends that I'm going to be leaving early - to go bowling of all things. I felt VERY guilty since it was my good friend getting married, but this girl... man, she was worth it.

Anyway, we go bowling, chat most of the night, and I finally awkwardly ask her out ("So I think we should hang out sometime..."). That was over nine months ago. We live two hours apart (we both share the same hometown, which is where we met), as she's in grad school and I have a good job that I'm content in. We're stuck being apart for the next year or two, but we see each other almost every weekend and have talked every single day since we met. I jump at every chance I can to see her, so if she says she misses me and isn't busy I'll drive two hours to spend the night with her and then drive back to work the next morning. I'm absolutely crazy about her. This is the girl I'm going to marry. (We've talked about the future, and yes, she feels the same too.)

Best part about the story? She didn't even realize I was interested the first night. If I wouldn't have made the effort to see her the next day and just would have stayed at the wedding reception, none of this would be happening right now. I'm pretty passive, so it feels good that I was able to put myself out there and have everything work out. Future wife just moved to town.  Went to a pawn shop to buy a VCR for her 4 year old daughter.  She asked the pawn shop owner if he knew of any single people she could meet since she was new in town.  Pawn shop owner was a friend of mine.  We frequently hunted, fished, and partied together so he had a photo album of many of our outings.  She began to flip through the photo album and eventually picked my photo out of the single guys there and gave my friend her phone number telling him to ask me to call her.  I called, we made a date and we've been married for over 15 years now with two beautiful daughters.

TL;DR:  Wife picked me out of a photo line up in a pawn shop! Met in high school, dated for 9 months then, broke up, got back together 6 or so years later, married 2 years after that, 3rd wedding anniversary coming up in a few months. I've told this story before...but considering it's really the only cool-ish story I have, I'll tell it again:

I saw a handsome man on the bus one day. We were making eyes at each other and I felt a serious spark. I knew I would regret it if I didn't make a move. So I dropped my business card in the book he was reading, smiled nervously at the floor, and dashed off at my stop.

He called me that night. We've been together for over a year. Living together for a while. He's a total gem and the love of my life. I was visiting 2 friends who were dorming at university. I walked into their dorm and this girl in a tie dye shirt was sitting on the bed. We said hello, how do you know [my friend] etc, etc... We became friendly, hung out a few times over the years, there was clearly something between us but the timing never really worked out mainly because I am dumb.

Fast forward to the year after everyone graduated and Im really drunk in Atlantic City. I sent her a facebook message at 4am that said, "I got a new phone and I never got your number again." She responded with, "Good because you probably would have called me at 4am. Its xxx-xxx-xxxx"

We'd text occasionally, maybe once a month, just pleasantries. Another 6 months go by and I get a text from her while Im at work "Hey can I call you when you get out of work?" She asked me if I wanted to go to her brothers wedding as her date. Of course I do, so we go and have an amazing time. I learn she's going to law school 6 hours away. Fuck me right? A couple months go by, more frequent texting and she asks me to visit her. I go visit her for the barristers ball, we have a great time, I finally make a move and she says, "6 years is a long time to wait for your dumb ass."

We've been together for 7 months now, making long distance work until she graduates. ive posted this before, but here goes

i met my wife at a bar. she was just standing there, waiting for her friend to come back from the bathroom. she was pretty far out of my league, but i was drunk and double fisting coors light. I walked up, sorta held up my beers, and said "hey, can I buy you two drinks?" 10/10 would buy two drinks again She was a waitress at the restaurant where I cooked. There was a paging system that the servers wore that vibrated when their food was ready. I repeatedly paged her. OVER AND OVER AGAIN. We went to high school together, I was in tenth grade and she was in twelfth. My brother died my junior year and she was the only one that kept up with me and checked on me while I was down in Georgia for his funeral. I guess it was too awkward for my other friends. I started dating her the day after graduation and asked her to marry me 3 months later. We have two kids and have been together for 6 years now :)  We met at a juggling convention in Kansas. On reddit actually. In architecture school together for 4 years. Slowly became best friends. We were drunk at a party last year and she jumped into my arms. As I was picking her up and twirling her I lost my balance and we both hit the floor. Hard. She was knocked unconscious and got a concussion. 
I think I seriously fucked her head up because for some reason she's been in love with me ever since.  The first time I met my now wife, I was with my Dad at her Mom's house and we were about 8 years old.  My Dad worked for the local water company, and he was there to fix a leak on the property.  She had a basketball goal out behind the house so naturally I started throwing down on some jump shots.  She sent her cousin outside to tell me she thought I was cute while she hid inside the house looking through the glass of the back door.  Naturally I told her cousin "Girls are stupid," and went back to playing basketball.

7 years later we had a class together in high school.  I was a year ahead of her, so we didn't really know each other.  At this time I actually didn't remember meeting her as children, she reminded me of it later.  Anyway, I decided she was gorgeous and I wished to be her friend and make a move.  I befriended her and discovered not only was she beautiful but also a great person.  Funny, sweet, and she loved Star Wars and Final Fantasy.  I was in heaven.  

So of course I went way overboard with the teenage crush thing and she wasn't interested in being anything but friends.  I was crushed, but I cared deeply about her as a friend so we stayed good school friends for the next year.  We went home for summer vacation from school and we didn't talk all summer.

Then came my 16th birthday, a couple weeks before school would start up again.  My Mom hands me the telephone and tells me it's Jamie for me.  I am freaking out with excitement, thinking why would she be calling me?  I didn't even know she knew my birthday.  She started doing what I perceived to be flirting with me, telling me how she was calling me from the bubble bath, etc.  I was highly confused by this and assumed she was still just being friendly.

Once I get my head out of my ass and realized she had decided she wanted to be more than friends, I bought her flowers for her birthday which was a month after mine, and we never looked back.  

We've been together a total of 14 years now, married for 6.  We just had our first daughter this year, she's 4 months old now.  I've been with my wife now over 5000 days, and I can honestly say I love her more with every one that passes. I met her at a gay bar.  I was working there as a bouncer, and was aptly nicknamed "the flamethrower."  She was with some friends, and she asked me to dance with her.  After dancing for awhile, she told me that she was glad I was gay, because she would have never had the courage to ask me  to dance otherwise.  She was a little embarrassed when I told her I wasnt gay.  Two years later, we were married.  Super cliche but she lived across the street from me in high school There was an ad for a free cat in the newspaper.  I was Bartending at a Lobby bar of a brand new Hotel.  The hotel was so new, no one was in the bar.  So essentially I am just standing there polishing glasses and hating my life choices up to this point.  A guy who works there (Management) happened to be showing his family around; giving them a tour of the suites and the pool area and eventually they decided to have lunch at my bar, but at a table in the back.  He walks in, waves and following close behind was the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.  I won't get too into the description, but imagine young Kelly Lebrock and Sofia Loren mixed.  My knees buckled when I saw her, but she paid me no mind and just followed her dad to the table.  My eyes were fixed on her and I noticed that the female server working with me just happened to be friends with her as they hugged one another and were chatting.  

The server came back to punch in their order when I scrambled over to her and ask, "WHO. IS. THAT???"  The server didn't appreciate my angst to want to find out who this person was, so she pretty much just brushed me off and told me that this woman that I have instantly fallen in love with is seeing someone.

"I don't care, you have to introduce me."

"...but she has a boyfriend!"

"He's not me.  Introduce me!"

*eyeroll* is what I got in return

Fast forward, they eat and I'm feeling good, confident, having practiced my lines of what I was going to say waiting for the server to introduce me to this incredible woman before she leaves.  As her and her family begin to make their way towards the exit the server is no where to be found and this gorgeous woman that I have just got to meet walks past me, not even noticing me there, and out the door.....

Weeks pass and every shift I worked with the aforementioned server I ask about her friend.  Relentless in my pursuits I ask for her number, address, place of work... anything that could give me just a chance.  I am denied.  I guess the server was trying to save me from myself.

6 months later, I am at a bar in the middle of town with the same female server.  The scene was lame so I tell the server I'm leaving and I head home.  No sooner do I step through my front door I get a text from a mystery number.

"Come back to (bar)"

"Who's this?" I texted back

"Your dream girl."

I look away from my phone, think for a sec, and decide to take a shot.  I texted back her name with a question mark.  She says, 

"yes"

Thinking this was a joke, I call the server.  She answers and says that it is in fact her and that as soon as I left she walked in.  She told this woman about me and showed her a picture of me from her phone.  The girl of my dreams thought it'd be fun to mess with me.  

I wasn't buying it.  So I just brushed it off and said we would hang out some other time.  The following week I was invited to the female server's house to play some drinking games.  I arrive and as I go to put beer in the fridge.... standing in the kitchen with some other friends is my future SO.  The female server, to my surprise, invited her over as well but didn't tell me.  I am dumbfounded as the female server **finally** introduces me to her.  I asked about the text from the other day and she admits it really was her...  We laughed about it, even though the cat was out of the bag that she is the woman of my dreams.

That was 4 1/2 years ago, we've been inseparable ever since. We met in high school... We shared some classes but it never went beyond friendly conversation. She asked me to prom some time later. Now 8 years on we got married Saturday. she is presently shaving my back on our honeymoon... yes we are that much in love. I'm Dutch. Being a young Dinosaur enthusiast, I became a member of The Dinosaur Society (US), a non-profit that funded dino digs. They had a magazine that contained a form for the "penpal project" so you could write with another likeminded person. I got matched with a 17yo girl from MI, USA. 

I wrote my first letter in February '97 (I was 14). She came over to visit in '03. She came back and stayed in '06. We got married in '07.

We met the paleontologist who matched us up (and took him out to dinner) in '11.

Life's been good! I met my husband on Myspace... true story.  Back when I was hitting the clubs almost every weekend trying to get over a bad break up, I decided to pop by a mate's birthday celebration beforehand in a karaoke bar. I said the pleasantries, and noticed that there was this girl lying on the couch that was absolutely plastered and falling in and out of consciousness. I stay for a while, laugh with the birthday boy and his mates and have a few drinks and smash out a few songs.

I was initially planning to go to a club nearby that had a "back to uni" theme - so obviously there would be a lot of slutty schoolgirl outfits - cool. Anyways, that girl was really drunk and needed to be taken home ASAP. Being the only pretty built one in the group (all of them were skinny Asians), I carried this stranger to my mate's car. On the way to the car she threw up over my shoulder on my shirt.

Got her in the car, and headed for the clubs. The bouncer immediately noticed the vomit all over my shirt and didn't let me in. Was pretty peeved but at that very moment I decided that it was time to get over my ex and this self-destructive behaviour and really get my shit together. I call a taxi, head home, wash up and go to sleep.

The next morning, I post a status update on Facebook whinging about this random girl that threw up on me last night. The birthday boy from last night sees this and tells his friend (probably still very hungover) and she adds me up on Facebook.

She thanks me for carrying her to the car and apologises for yacking all over me. We talk for a bit, get to know each other (I find out it was her first time out clubbing - well, at least attempt to go clubbing as she passed out before she even got near a club). I add her on MSN (Ah, the good old days!) and we chatted loads and realised we got along really well, went to the same Uni, and I thought that we were very compatible with each other and had many similar qualities! I gathered up my balls and asked her for her number, we chat for a few more days over the phone and I ask her out on a date.

Next thing I know, we meet up for lunch and movies and I'm falling head and heels for her. I ask her to be my girlfriend in about a week and she says yes. We've been together for almost 4 years now, and it's been the most amazing and fulfilling relationship I've ever had in my life. We've never argued or had petty fights or shouting contests, we've both had our share of terrible exes and we really know how to appreciate each other. We talk and compromise calmly over any issue and it's just been the best 4 years of my life!

**TLDR: Went clubbing, carried a passed out girl to car, girl threw up on me and made me turn my life around, I girlfriended her shortly after. Still together with no signs of stopping.** Me and a group of friends would ocasionally hang out at some benches near a lake close to my house and would have a drink, a smoke and all.

One day,the girlfriend of one of them moved to her house for a while so she started hanging around with us everyday, she had an instant crush on me but I was too stoned to realize. Weeks went by and all of our friends were always waiting on me to do something about it while all I did was smoke and look into the sunset like an idiot. 

Eventually she got pissed of me not noticing her at all and one day just arrived when we were there stood in front of me and said "Look at me!". I started raising my head to look her in the eye, got caught a little staring at her breast and continued the journey with a grin on my face. She put both her hands on my face and said "I knew it" before giving me this very long kiss while our friends started celebrating.

We got married this year and waiting on our first kid, this was 6 years ago. I was on the internet when I saw that single women in my area want to meet me. Just like Kanye said " public visitation, we met at Borders".
I was in work release from prison and went to apply for a job at Borders where my (now) SO worked. Got the job, got the girl, got out of prison and now it is 3 years later and life is good. On OKCupid.

I'm an introvert, was never gonna meet someone in a bar or club! I had an old okcupid account set to be looking for friends (made it abundantly clear I wasn't looking to date) and hadn't even opened the account for several months. Then I got in a car accident and wasn't able to work or get around. So I open okcupid to find someone to just talk to. My current SO had messaged me "hey, what's up?" I messaged him back something about not wanting to shower, not because I was gross but because i was in an accident and showering was hard. We became good internet friends incredibly quickly and he was on vacation from work so had a lot of time to talk while I was recovering. Started to grow feelings for him, even though I hadn't met him and even though I wasn't looking. We finally meet when I'm able to walk around more and we start to hang out and go on dates. Ended up being very happy together. He's my Superman and still helps me with everything because of my leg being jacked up. Even thinks my cane is cute :) TL;DR: Two sunsets in Hawaii

We both went to Hawaii for a high school biology trip in our freshman year. The whole group stayed in a set of a cabins for a week, spending each day snorkeling and exploring the the island. I was in the nerd crowd of boys and she and one other girl like that crowd more than the other girls so they hung out with us.

By four days in she had started following me everywhere, and I was completely oblivious to it. Everyone else noticed apparently, but I had no clue. 

Well we went up to the observatory on Mount Haleakala that day and were watching hiked around, she and I talked a bit and watched the sun start to set from the mountain. After that we rode back in the vans. She was in the same van as me and said she was tired so she "slept" on my shoulder. 

On the way back we went down twisty turns and she kept moving around so I held onto her a little bit which made her jump a little (at the time I though it was unconscious as she was asleep). By the time we were back at camp I realized the reason I was doing that was because I had a crush on her. 

Well I decided to tell her the truth and she revealed to me she had a huge crush on me as well and that she had been awake the whole time because she was so nervous/giddy to be lying on me.

We decided to try going out and see where it went. And, even though everyone warned us highschool crushes rarely work out we're still together over 10 years later.

The best part of the whole thing was that because we were a lot lower to the ground when we got back to camp the sun was setting again when we discussed out feelings. The day my SO and I started dating we watched two sunsets in Hawaii.  Okcupid. Since I'm just a loser without an SO, here's how my parents met:

They both went traveling through the US with the same organisation. Being from different villages they had never met before, but my father decided to call her because he saw she lived not too far away.

He basically went "You don't know me, but we will spend the next year together - wanna meet for a dinner?

They married about two years later and have three children and a house.  Blind date. The receptionist at the CPA office noticed he was single from his tax return. I had recently moved into. town (small town). She asked me if I wanted to date yet,I was widowed for almost two years. Told her yes,he called,we met mid-May,engaged end of June,married End of July. Twenty years ago. Still nuts about him,he is happy as well,life is good. Strange things can happen,we are such opposites,but it works.  I got Catfished.  I located the *actual* girl in the fake girl photos to warn her about this catfishing chick.  We hit it off.  Living together for 2 years now.  If it didn't work out I would have been classified as a stalker. 

*fin* A friend of mine posted a picture of this hot girl on her Facebook. I had never seen her before but I was stunned. I replied "who is that??"  Thats all it took. We are getting married in two days In an aol chatroom.  My now wife was racing against me with 2 other people in mario Kart DD.  I told her "I'm gonna rape you!" ( I had a blue shell), she replied with "You can't rape the willing!" Was dancing with with whisky bottle on my hand. She thought I was bad ass.  Hit her in the face with a volleyball on accident and started laughing. Two years strong.  That year, our high school's musical was Bye Bye Birdie. In the musical, Conrad Birdie (a young elvis type) is about to go off to war. His manager decides it would be a great idea to hold a drawing in his fan club, and the winner gets to give Conrad one last farewell kiss from all the girls in America. 

The winner of the drawing is a young girl named Kim Macafee. Right before they find out about the drawing, Hugo Peabody asked Kim Macafee to be his girlfriend. She accepts and there's a large to do about it (small town, and all). So the plot revolves around Conrad's antics in the small town, girls (including Kim) mooning all over Conrad, the parents feeling like Conrad is a menace, and Hugo feeling terrible because he lost his girl to Conrad Birdie. 

I played Conrad. She played Kim. I had had never really talked to her before, outside the context of the play. I recognized her and knew her name, but other than that... She was just another face in the school. I had also just gotten over a bad break up (dating my best friend didn't really work out well for me) and was not really feeling like getting in any sort of a relationship any time soon. 

One day I was sitting side-stage during a rehearsal and an idea crossed my mind: me and some friends were going bowling that weekend, so why not invite Kim to go bowling, too? I, to this day, have no idea where the idea came from. I'm not the most outgoing person outside of my social circle, and I had never talked to Kim in a non-theatre context. But once I had the idea, I couldn't let it go. The possibility kept eating away at me until I finally got up the courage and asked her. 

Turns out she loves bowling. Also, turns out I had forgotten that Saturday was my aunt's birthday and we were going to go bowling for her birthday, too. So, that Saturday I picked Kim up, we went bowling with my friends, then she got to meet my family and bowl with them. That night I kissed her on her porch. She blushed. It was cute. 

Now we're both Juniors in college and still going strong.  I get my women the way I get everything.

Online :( TL;DR High school talent show
I was supposed to rehearse for the high school talent show and I forgot my guitar. So I walk in to see if anyone was already there and I see this cute, wavy-haired blonde girl playing a guitar. I had no idea who she was, but she had liked me from the very first time she saw me (which was apparently long before that) and asked if I could borrow her guitar for a song. Now, I can't imagine life without her. We met in the psych ward of the local hospital. Yes, we were both patients on the ward! We have now been together for seven years. Sept. 18th was our three year wedding anniversary! It hasn't always been pretty but it has always been worth every minute we have gotten to spend together! We are best friends and each others biggest fan! My friend was trying to set me up with his friend at a party that they both went and I ended up liking him more On SWTOR, actually. Still doing the long distance stuff until I finish college up here, then he wants me to move in with him in the States.

A little more indirectly but key, I had been noticed by someone on reddit who also played SWTOR and he recruited me into his Guild, and 2 months later recruited my current boyfriend. (this is a long story and I kinda hate the guy who recruited me now, he also treated my boyfriend like crap at the time so we got talking often since I was a guild officer too, and I was trying to solve it.)

Will be a year we're together in February, it's almost going on a year since we've known eachother, though!

It's kinda funny to think that if my Bf decided against joining that guild we'd of never met, probably. He was actually thinking of not joining but ended up joining anyways on some character he rarely played, he ended us liking us and moving his other characters in! wooo! When I was about 14 I started playing the ever addictive World of Warcraft. It had just been released and it was unlike anything I'd ever seen. I remember it all so clearly...

I played for a while and started applying to the larger, progression-based guilds on the server. I was really obsessed with this one guild and had applied probably 6-7 times over the course of 2 years, constantly chatting up members and trying to find an in to the guild leader. I chatted with him a few times and he ignored me, because he has common sense (he's 5.5 years older than me).

I moved away from the server with one of the lovely free-transfers and was able to find a guild that was what I was looking for upon the release of Burning Crusade. I would go back to my home server occasionally to chat with old friends and see what people were up to, and I just happened to message the guild leader to see if he had taken me off ignore and harass him just a little, and he had! We started talking little by little...

I was just about to turn 18 and we started chatting a lot more frequently, skyping, and all that good stuff. He lived a few states away from me at the time and I really wanted to meet him. The Christmas after I turned 18 I drove 12 hours by myself to go see him (and his entire family, unbeknownst to me)... that was 5 years ago this December and we got engaged at the Dallas-based convention Quakecon this year!

**tl;dr - World of Warcraft :)** middle school home room, we hung out a bit and she passed biology by copying off me.  I had some substance issues in highschool so I'd finish tests quickly so I could sleep.  She'd turn them in for me and wake me if the teacher came by.

After I dropped out we remet at the mall a few years later.  That was ~13 years ago.   Met her at a FireFighter I class....20yrs ago :D Okcupid. It took a lot of shitty dates and online dating can be frustrating but I found someone who makes me extremely happy.  Met her on OKCupid. We've been together for almost a year and a half. I love telling this to people because I love shattering the perception that online dating doesn't work. It was my first night back in my college town after one of the worst summers of my life. I went out with a couple that I was good friends with and they brought a guy friend I had never met. The four of us bar hopped and had a great time then went back to the guy friends house. They all smoke cigs, and the three of them stayed on the porch while I went inside to pee. There on the couch was the guy friends roommate, alone in Simpsons PJ's watching Munich. We started talking and although I was an annoying drunk girl interrupting his night in, apparently I got his attention. We just celebrated our 5 year anniversary and could not be happier! I met him at Friday night magic. My friend took me to try and hook me up with this guy because I was on the rebound. Said guy was an awkward ginger and my friend was too obvious that she wanted to hook us up. I tried talking to some of her other friends there and he was one of them. I introduced myself and he obviously wanted nothing to do with me so I left it at that. He added me on Facebook shortly after which I found odd because he didnt seem to want to talk to me. I later found out it was because he knew my friend had brought me there to meet the other guy and he didnt want to interfere with his "game".



Two years later we started talking and eventually started dating. The guy who I went there to meet told everyone at Friday night magic we hooked up. Definitely didnt hook up with him. Yikes. 


MTG brings people together..  Was at a music festival, woke up one morning and she was in my tent, going out over a year now We haven't yet... Prison penpals. Yay! She was getting drunk off a 40 of PBR with my ex girlfriend and one of her friends. I sent my ex a picture of a split dick with gonorrhea and herpes. She thought it was funny so she stole my number and started texting me. 

Going on five years. PlentyOfFish

We messaged for a few weeks, then added each other to Facebook as I decided to give up on the site but still found him interesting. Met up a couple weeks after that after many long, long facebook messages. On our first date we talked straight for 4 hours. It was pretty great.

That was almost a year ago. We went to high school together, but didn't know each other from it because she was a year below me. We worked together (Wendy's, so romantic.) and after about a year and a half I started to notice her and develop an interest. So me, being a recent high school graduate played the only cards I had: my motorcycle. I asked her if she wanted to go for a ride sometime on the bike with me, she said yes. We no longer work together, I do security on federal military property, she is a Hospice CNA. It's been just over three years, and our wedding is in December.  He lived directly below me in my first apartment after moving out of the dorms in college.  A few of his roommates came to our door one day with a blender of margaritas and asked if we wanted to come down to the pool.  He was the shy quit one, but after a few drinks he came out of his shell.  We started dating around a year later.  Been married for 5.5 years with a 2 year old and one on the way. Craigslist. Missed connections. Now married!

I posted about a girl I saw at a bar. My now wife's friend saw my post and showed it to her, because she was there that night also. She actually wasn't the girl I posted about, but we went on a date anyways! The rest is history Met the love of my life on WoW, she means everything to me. Moving to her within the next year or so hopefully. We were in second grade together. I had a crush on her then, and to show it, stuck scissors on her seat when she was going to sit down. She moved away after that year of school. 

Fast forward to when I am 21 years old. I'm at a friends house BBQing and smoking weed in the yard out back. She walks through the gate with a mutual friend and we were introduced. A week later we kissed. A few days after that we became "official."

A few days after we were official we talked about remembering each other from elementary school and discovered we went to middle school together and always had more than a few mutability friends throughout high school and college. We were always pretty near each other, like literally. She lived a few blocks from me in college and went to the same parties but we never crossed paths. In high school and middle school we lived near each other and had many of the same friends.   

Then I told her about the scissors and she freaked because she couldn't remember who did that. I also brought her a ceramic roger from the beach when I was in second grade. She still has it. 

We've been together for three and a half years now. I plan on marrying her.  I met him off the dating site pof : )

The site sure does have it`s fair sure of wierdos and perverts but hidden in the mix are some amazing people! We met when he was a conference in my city, thought of it as just fling. Curiously, I had conference 6 weeks later in his city (unrelated fields, and the cities were about 250 miles apart).  He picked me up at the airport and I didn't go to much of that conference.  No promises made, and I went home.  A few weeks later, on impulse, I call him from work and ask if he wants to come visit and stay the next weekend with me.  I was shaking I was so nervous.  He was clearly delighted to hear from me but had a big deadline to make for work and said he would have to wait and see if he could get away.  He didn't make the deadline, but he visited anyway.  That was three years ago. She was with a group of 4 playing normals in League of legends, and I was the random 5th. Ended up being friends with the group and me and the girl in the group really hit it off. We've been going out for over a year now and I couldn't be happier  We took off our masks after the orgy.  We met online.

We both belonged to an email list for a fantasy author that we were both fans of.  In one of the series by this author, what your family name is is EXTREMLY important to the story.  It dictates what you do in life, who you can marry, if you can have kids, etc.  Well, one of the main characters is an enigma and there's no record of what his family name is.

Needless to say, there's constantly theories flying around as to who Collan Rosvenir **REALLY** is.

My husband got himself a case of the silly's and posted his own theory, where he made Collan Rosvenir the bastard child of Deanna Troi from ST:TNG and Darth Vadar.

And it worked.

I laughed for a good 15 minutes reading his theory and emailed him how brilliant he was.  After about 9 months of constant emailing/chatting/phone calls back and forth, he came out to visit me and well... sparks flew.

9 months later, we had our son.  3 months after that, we got married.

That was 14 years ago, and he's still the best man I've ever met.  He still makes me laugh so hard tears come out of my eyes, he comforts me when I'm low and puts up with me when I'm being an idiot.

I cannot speak enough on how much I love that man of mine. Met on OkCupid actually. She got tipsy on wine on two different occasions and emailed me both times, so I figured, "Might as well respond". Almost two years later, we're engaged.

Sidenote: Of the 4 male cousins in my family, I met my fiance on OkCupid, one cousin met his fiance on Warhammer Online, and the other met his wife on World of Warcraft. And the last guy is still single. I met him in GameStop. He's a great co-op partner.  We met in me kindergarten and knew each other up until the end of grade three. We were reuinited at a new school in grade six where we became friends.

In grade 10, at the age of 15, we got closer and ended up dating each other. Cue the Romeo &amp; Juliet infatuation and love.

21 now and we'll be getting married next fall. League of legends. Cosplaying Tony Stark for her Dragon*Con Katy Perry parody music video.  We're nerds.  

To be honest I had no idea what I was showing up for just that I had to show up in a tux and do my Iron Man shtick. At a social gathering, I noticed from the backprint on some postcards that they had been printed at a cross-town location of the photo lab chain I worked at. I struck up a conversation with the girl who had brought them and found that she worked at the cross town location, and we had actually spoken on a phone a few times at work. We found immediate common ground with our dislike of head office management, and 10 months later we were married. We happily celebrated our 9 year anniversary this past August with our 3 kids. My friend took a big group of us to see an improv comedy show.  After the show, someone was handing out coupons for $20 off of a Level 1 Improv class.   I said "I'm bored, and I don't have any social outlets.  Sure, why not?"

It was a terrifying class, but there were several cute girls in it, and some of the stuff we did was fun.  One girl, I invited out on a date.  It went well, and now we're married with children and pets and a house. Mutual friends sent him to me to get a hair cut after he got of the af because I do a mean buzz cut. We didn't realize they had been planning on hooking us up for a few months. We were then "stranded together" on a group date a few nights later. He shoved a snowball down the back of my shirt. I was in love. 15 years, 1 kid later-Life is good! We went to the same class.

And it was either insane luck or destiny. I applied for Art class *(Dodged that bullet)*, and the class got removed from the school. They then suggested another school to go to. I said no, and applied for Studies on another school. I met him, and we clicked right away. 

Today is 2^1/2 year being together.

*Even thought it took me half a year to even dare speaking to him, and another half year to ask him out. He's double my height, it was scary. I thought he'd lift me up and toss me away if I asked. ;_;* I was dating this guy for about a year. We went to college in the same school and similar wings so I mingled with his classmates. Im in a trade so I had a fair few male friends.   
I broke up with this guy because the more comfortable he got with me the bigger the arsehole he became. Mostly backhand compliments like "your ass is so attractive if you didn't have one i'd hardly find you attractive at all" but also straight up condescension like "I just don't want you turning into my ex girlfriend" He also seemed to want to marry a woman to just take over from his mother when he moved out.  So anyways I broke up with him.  He decided that it couldn't possibly be him and this must be a scheme to leave him for another and make it look like his fault.   
Honest to God,  no reason to lie here, He just picked one of our mutual friends who had no idea what was coming and told everyone him and I were banging. The concept that either of us separately on our own merits would cheat was preposterous. Even more so this guy who was extremely shy and conservative. We were touched when our friends spoke in our defense but my friend,  the accused,  didn't want to hang out anymore because it looked bad.   
At this point I got super pissed off because who the fuck is my ex to dictate who I can and cannot hang out with.   
So I went over to my buddy's house like twice a week to play board games and video games and make road trips.  And we started dating three months later. We've been together almost six years and we're engaged.   
  
My ex's next girlfriend ended up marrying his best friend after he dumped her.  Guys a natural match maker.  As posted in a similar thread quite recently, she was my student. I became really good friends with his girlfriend. ..We're not friends anymore Probably some good answers here...

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/h1k2t/hey_reddit_how_did_you_meet_your_so_how_did/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/u1psj/how_did_you_meet_your_so/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1265mo/how_did_you_meet_your_so/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/j6ut0/fellow_redditors_so_how_did_you_meet_your_current/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/njdx7/married_folks_how_did_you_meet_your_so/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/16ooie/reddit_how_did_you_meet_your_so/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/m06jv/shyintroverted_redditors_how_did_you_meet_your_so/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/167sqo/redditors_in_a_relationship_how_did_you_meet_your/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1bl4jf/wherehow_did_you_meet_your_so/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1iw5rk/reddit_how_did_you_meet_your_so/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/h1k2t/hey_reddit_how_did_you_meet_your_so_how_did/ Mutual friends, which is rare for us gays. I was 3 days into moving to Seattle. My housemates had a get-together, welcoming back a soldier who was on mid-tour leave...my to-be wife. She was best friends with the boyfriend of one of my roommates. The second time I saw her, her friend and my roommate spent the night trying to convince her to see one of their other friends...as she had her hand down my top under a blanket. Took us a week to get together, spent the remaining 2 weeks attached at the hip...5 months of long-distance...another 3 weeks together followed by 4 months of long-distance...moved down to El Paso for her...we've been married since July. We met on Xbox. I was playing multi-team COD alone and he was playing with his best friend. We dominated as a team and after that game they invited me to play. So we played for hours and we kept winning and winning. I sent them friend requests. I didn't actually  talk to them for probably weeks. And when I did I remember him asking for my number so he can text me when they were gonna play (his friend felt weird having my number because he's 15 years older than me). My future bf is five years older. So my future bf and I began to talk and I had a great time talking to him. We began texting too. I remember my first text to him was «woof». That led to playing other games. And then on Minecraft he asked me out. It was very cute. We're doing the long distance thing and it kind of sucks because he doesn't like traveling and I can't go to him but I really love him. He's amazing.  Second day of college, all of the freshmen get lined up to do some sort of entrance ceremony bullshit in 100+ degree weather. We're all waiting for so fucking long that I break out of my line and go and sit by my roommate. Then this really cute guy comes over and strikes up a conversation. First about super heroes (his favorite: batman, my favorite: Captain america. He gives me shit about liking captain america and I laugh), then about our other fandoms, especially LOTR. 

After the ceremony, we end up going back to his place to fool around and end up just watching all of the LOTR movies until 2am then walking around campus together.

We now live together and the longest we've been apart since is 10 days, when I had to go to seattle to visit some family. 

He's my best friend, and I sure as hell didn't mean for it to end up this way (I planned on fooling around during college and staying out of relationships, so did he) but I'm really happy it did. He's my best friend and I wouldn't change a thing. She was over on foreign exchange when I was in college.   Friend of a friend brought him to a bar. He didn't know I was underage (for drinking, I was 20 at the time) with a fake, he fell in love that night and we never looked back. I met her on FFXI Online.  Who says video games don't bring people together? maplestory.  met in 2006, had gotten married in game 2007, met irl 2011.  we had met up 3 times before i moved to his country to live with him.  we got married this past july in his country and came back to the US.  he's gone back to the UK now but we're in the process of getting him over here permanently.  never thought asking him out would have gotten me this far.  i have no regrets Playing FNM at a local game store. Was my friend and then best friend before we started dating. Still is.  She was my teacher in college (we're the same age). Approached her after class for some unneeded tutoring, eight years later we're still together. Back around 1994 I finally got myself on the Internet.  I'd been hanging out on the local BBS for a while and everyone was talking about the Internet, so I decided to check it out.

I wound up spending a good amount of my time chatting with people on IRC.  And since Anne Rice and her vampires were popular at the time, I spent a lot of time chatting in #vampcafe.

Some new kid showed up in #vampcafe asking for help changing their nickname.  They'd just switched to mIRC and didn't know how to change their nick...  I was using a shell account and suggested (a little sarcastically) that they try the /nick command.

It worked, she changed her nickname, and was a little embarrassed.  I teased her a little bit.  We got to talking.

About a year later, I drove 1,500 miles to meet her in-person.  We hit it off.  And I moved out to be closer to her about a year after that.

We dated for about a year...  Then lived together for a couple years...  Then got married...

And we'll be celebrating 11 years of marriage at the end of the month. I met my wife online on "meetme." I had just gotten my wisdom teeth removed and my friend dumped his kid on me so his wife and him could go out. I was all drugged up, babysitting a 2 year old girl in a small dorm room and I had been txting my SO for a few days and I invited her over to help me with the kid cause I was too loopy to do it alone. We started dating after that.

 And now we are married. My independent study prof convinced me to switch into her Chinese lit class, as they needed 5 students for it to run. My S.O. would come in at lunch to do the reading, as did I, so I began bringing extra sandwiches so he'd eat something. Then he invited me to watch *Solaris.*

Been together 4 years now. I don't think we ever watched another Tarkovsky; and that prof still takes credit for our relationship...
 Online dating. I sent him the first message.  We went to the same high school together, and honestly, I thought he was full of himself and wanted nothing to do with him at the time. But when I started my second year of university I wound up in a bunch of the same classes with him. We had the same friends, so we wound up sitting in a group together for about a year straight. Over that time, he learned to appreciate my sense of humour, and I learned that he was really quite shy and not at all stuck up. I made plans to hang out with a friend one day, and when she flaked, he wound up asking me out to lunch. We spent so much time chatting over lunch that he wound up late to class that day. About a week later, after much cajoling on my part, he asked me to the movies. I forgot my house keys, and we wound up sitting in the movie theater parking lot for hours talking. We've been together ever since, and it will be six years next year. I met my wife on World of Warcraft, being a single dad it is/was the cheapest form of entertainment available.

We had our second marriage anniversary in September. :D Her friend brought her over to my apartment and I made her a microwave quesadilla but then I ate the whole thing. Tomorrow is our one year anniversary. We had a mutual friend in high school, but never hung out and I think we ended up at the same party maybe once. The friend actually set me up with his brother for a dance. Then, like 6 years later he sends me a message on AIM asking why I was leaving work early. We talked for a few days then he invited himself over one night - actually ditched a group of friends at a restaurant and we sat in my driveway talking for hours. The next day he asked me over to his place under the pretense that he couldn't figure out how to wrap his niece's b-day present. We got it wrapped, ate dinner, he sprayed me with a hose, I fell asleep on his shoulder watching The Fresh Prince of Bel Air. We've been together 8 years and married for 2.  Good friend of mine kept attempting to introduce me to his SO's cousin. Been single and enjoying it but figured what could it hurt. We were going to meet at a party but she didn't show. Some more convincing from my friend and we all go on a double date. First time I saw her, eyes, and her smile I knew something was special about her. Got married 3 months ago. Best decision have I ever made. Sub of a mutual hobby. Thanks reddit - always was my favorite website.  My girlfriend and I met in 2nd grade at our elementary school. Nemeses through 5th grade. Then we went our separate ways through high school and college. We met again in our hometown last July through mutual friends, ended up kissing a couple times and then one day I just asked if she wanted to date me. We'll have been together for a year this Friday (10/11). I'm pretty antisocial so I meet guys online. Someone told me about POF so I decided to check it out. The first guy I saw seemed perfect for me. He was cute, really tall, and ready to settle down. I sent him a message and we clicked right away. Went on a date a week later and he was officially mine the next day. Sometimes you just know. On OKcupid. I made an account on my 18th birthday just because I could. I saw a post from him about having gone to a concert recently that I had also been at so I messaged him about it, not really expecting much because honestly I thought he was too cool and attractive for me haha. We ended up talking a lot and eventually he asked me out with this line: 

"Do you want a raisin?" 

"Uh sure" 

*sends picture of raisin* "How about a date?" 

"ASDJKFDL" 

So yeah a few days later he picked me up at my house and went out for coffee. Ended up just talking for about 8 hours then we kissed at the end. We've been dating for almost 7 months now even though he left for college :) Myspace. Yesterday we celebrated our 7th wedding anniversary. MySpace. 7 years and 1 kid and another one on the way. Things are good.  World of Warcraft. One night for some reason I raged at him while raiding, and he told me that at that moment he just wanted to make me smile. Also said... Nobody hates Erik I'm going to get this girl to like me. I find it difficult to answer "Oh where did you meet him?" He does live 2k miles away from me in Canada which makes things even more complicated. We've been together for 1 year and 5 months. I live in Seattle, had a friend in Charleston, SC. I was visiting her and she told me, "There's a guy I know that really likes me, but I'd just like to be friends. Would you talk to him so that he'll leave me alone? I think you'd really get along!"Turns out we *really* get along well. Dated long distance for 5 years while we were going through college, he moved to Seattle and now we've been married for a little over a year and just found out we're expecting. :]Couldn't be happier! We were both supermarket cashiers in high school, when you close shop with another female there is bound to be tension. Basic Officer Training, RCN we were fire team partners
 We were both studying abroad in Taiwan for a summer (We're American).  She was a friend of a friend of my roommate, who was a guy that I met through my brother's classmate's gym buddy.  My roommate's friends and her were walking through a night market below our apartment when they said they knew someone who lived there.  4 years ago next month! In Colombia - acting as a wingman/translator for my friend who couldn't speak Spanish while she was acting as a wingman/translator for his date who couldn't speak English.  She was in my orientation group for college, and thought I was a huge asshole. Few months later she ended up living on my floor. We were really good friends throughout the entire year, though we both were in separate relationships at the time. Both of us realized how much better we were for each other than the person we were with. Got past the ex's and have been together ever since. I love the girl to death and I can't say enough how lucky I feel to have her in my life.  He worked in IT at my company but I'd never spoken to him.  We were both helping a mutual friend move and I was 9 months pregnant and 5 days over due.  That night he kept yelling at my belly "GET OUT!  SHE DOESN'T WANT YOU IN THERE ANY LONGER!" and my water broker at 7 a.m. the next morning.  We both got divorced, started dating and the rest is history. I haven't. Or maybe I have, and that *would* be interesting.  Knocked popcorn all over her, got her number, a week later went on a date, together for over a year now and planning on staying together for many more. I missed the bus to a show back in July. My friend wouldn't let me borrow her car, but arranged for someone to pick me up. After awkward car ride conversation and awkward dinner conversation, we started to hit it off. It's been three months. So far, so good. We had worked together for 2 and a half months, but I didn't really know him. Only exchanged a few words on occasion. I didn't know that he had a crush on me and was getting information on me through a mutual friend who lived down the hall from me. On St. Patrick's day I drunk texted him through the mutual friend's phone, not realizing that he liked me (our friend really played a big part in this as he pushed me to text him). He didn't believe it was me so I stopped texting him. He later realised it was me and asked for my number. By the end of the night he texted me and coerced me into ditching this guy I was hooking up with at the time, so that we could hangout. We were just hanging out in his room, casually bantering back and forth, and it lead to me saying, "get at me bro." He then 'got at me' and we made out leading to an unforgettable night and the start of a wonderful relationship.  I never have... We were two clicks south of Da Nang. Supplies were low, Ammo was low but worst of all morale was low. The 1st Lieutenant thought we should flank from the south but I knew we should have come from the north. We were ambushed. All my fellow soldiers died around me and as the bullets ran out, I was forced to fight hand to hand.
That’s when I saw her, with those cute dark blue pajamas, that straw hat like Raiden’s and that precious AK-47. I don’t know if it was her beauty or the guy that was cutting of my blood supply to my brain but she looked like an angel shin deep in a rice patty. I knew I had to have her, so once I finished killing the rest of her battalion; I grabbed her in my arms while starring deep in those slanted eyes, I told her “You are the most stunning creature in the world!” she said “những gì đã làm bạn G.I.” “whatever” I replied, I took her to the states where we married and had our son we named him “Charlie”.
 Team Fortress 2. Omegle!  Clicked on a FB add for a Japanese dating site.

I'm planning a trip to Japan to meet her over New Years. I came over to hook up with her room mate.
I had met her room mate/friend a few weeks prior and she asked me to come visit.  I walked in their apartment and glanced over to the open bedroom door on the left to see another girl sitting on her bed studying.  We both said Hi and moved on.  My first impression was "I should have come to visit her instead".  
Anyway the first girl and I never hooked up.  But I stayed in contact with the room mate.  We became really good friends and hung out quite a bit.  After a few years of being friends and going through our own relationships we started dating.  At this point we've known each other for 10 years, started dating 7 years ago and have now been married for 3.  
And yes, we are still good friends with the girl that introduced us.  She was even a bridesmaid. We grew up across the street from one another. I know /r/aww. 

But seriously, we didn't see each other much growing up (though her little brother was my best friend). It wasn't until she was in town for the third funeral that year (her family was dropping like flies) that she hung around for a bit and we hit it off. 

So, even though we grew up across the street from one another (our parents are still in those same houses), it wasn't until 23+ years later for us to think of one another other than a neighbor. I brushed my teeth, put on something comfortable, turned out the lights, layed down, closed my eyes, and fell asleep. We met on OkCupid Facebook.  I was in the library with a friend while I was in college, we were planning to study all night. She introduced me to a female friend of hersthat was doing the same, I thought she was cute. She invited us to her house to finish studying and she'd cook us dinner. I went there, met her roommate, and the roommate and we hit it off immediately. We've been together for a few years now. Back in high school. My friend and his SO were chilling with me in my car smoking weed, they suggested we pick up their other friend to chill with, somehow the topic of her breaking up with her bf the day before came up. So took my shot then and there.... 5 years later if I/we were more financially stable she'd be my wife. I was skipping class to go to my creative writing teachers classroom and just fuck around. 

I saw him from across the classroom and thought "this guy would be prime for the trolling."

Then I found out we had all the same interests.  At a convention in Maine. Through my ex.  I worked at a convenience store. One day he came in (he lived across the street from it), and said he worked at the store (same company) across the street from where I lived. We tried to switch stores to cut on travel time for each of us, and kept in contact after that. MSN Messenger  At school when we were ten. We 'dated' for half a year and had our first kiss together, but she broke up with me (eleven year old me was heartbroken). During high school and college we completely lost contact and both had a string of relationships with other people. Then we reconnected over Facebook and met up for coffee for the hell of it, and immediately fell for each other again. He was a customer of mine. Sold him a parking permit and drooled over him whenever he drove by on his bike. A few months later he got hired and started working with me. Shortly after that we got drunk on a beach and he had to drive me home that night. 

Still my favorite coworker. Through a mutual friend. Mutual friend had the same name as a girl I was crushing on at the time so she introduced me to her friend online to see if it was really her I was taking about or not. (high school, seems so ridiculous looking back on it now). 

Began hanging out with mutual friend's friend and started dating shortly thereafter. Nearly 8 years later we are getting married in less than a year. Sadly the mutual friend passed away nearly 5 years ago due to a fire. The fire happened on our 3rd anniversary of being a couple. 

Never got to thank that mutual friend for introducing me to my best friend.  We met at a Uni party where I fucked someone else. Because good friends a while later and then ended up dating. She was sitting right in front of me in secondary school. He was my low life ex-fiancé's best friend... Ya, it happened, and now we are together for 5 years and happily married.  In high school art class. I loved art and sat at the front of the room. He sat at the back and constantly drummed his fingers on his desk and hummed. I'd shoot him dirty looks all the time. I found him so annoying. Then we slowly became friends because of our mutual friends.

Aaand now we've been dating for 5 years and have a house and a dog together. I never would've guessed that annoying kid would be the guy of my dreams. At prom.  My best friends date was shy and wouldn't go with him unless her friend could come along with (she got her own ticket in).

My date was a last minute thing with a cute girl from one of my classes, more of a "both of us don't have dates, might as well" thing than anything else.

my best friend and I ended up dancing with all three ladies, and when we were ready to leave my date didn't want to, and decided that she wanted to stay and hang out with some other guy there.  The rest of us bailed and went to a midnight showing of "Secret of my success"... got to know my best friends dates friend well enough to be kissing by the end of the night...

Been together ever since.

Interestingly enough my actual date works at the same big box store that my wife works at. She was a very good friend of my best friend of 10 years but, for whatever the circumstances, we had never met. She was married for a while and I was married. We just never were in the same place at the same time. When we both were finally single my best friend hooked us up. Happiest we've ever been. Perfect match. At an honor society social that neither of us had wanted to go to.  We're both quite glad we did. I met her casually through a mutal friend when she was a freshman in high school and I was a senior. I thought she was cute, but dating someone else at the time and never mentioned it to my friend. It was super casual,  to the point where she doesn't remember, but I never forget a face. If I remember correctly, I don't think I even introduced myself.

 Fast forward six years later and I was just finishing college and decided to join the military. I did this RAP ( recruiter assistance program) and she ended up being my partner. I remember sitting in my car and seeing her walk up to the office, my jaw literally dropped and my heart started racing. 

I was 23 at the time, but I hadn't felt like that since I He lived in my dorm freshman year of college, on the floor above me. Didn't think he was my type (into sports, sort of preppy...while my naive 18 yr-old self thought I would marry someone like the lead singer of My Chemical Romance). Still together 4 .5 years later.  We were in the same club in college. In Latin dance class. We both happened to go to this dance club in our first year at the university, on our own and single. The teacher noticed our chemistry and paired us up in the talent show.

We've been together for 4 years now. I was on a date with his best friend. The guy leaves me to go talk with these other girls, and just kinda left me standing there. My SO comes over and stands with me. A fireworks show starts so we watch the show together then part ways. 2 months later I find out my bf was cheating on me, so I leave him. SO and i start talking and he asked me out 5 months later :) apparently he had a crush on me ever since the firework show ... honestly, so did i. such a great story We've been friends since he moved to the area in middle school, and we ended up having lots of gifted and AP classes together. He was an annoying little shit our freshman and sophomore year, so we didn't become close until our junior year of high school whenever he decided to calm down. We were both in respective relationships at the time, but we were both miserable. Both of our now-ex's were overly emotional, jealous, and controlling little cunts who threw rage fits. Soon after becoming best friends, we began developing feelings for each other and now we're in college together, happy as can be (: Switched into her Chemistry class during freshman year of college. Now a sophomore, and still cannot believed things would have gone this far. 


Crazy. We went to the same high school but we didn't end up meeting till my last semester at a community college history class. The first time I talked to her was on the day of a quiz, I forgot my scantron and she had one and well that just Leto us talking.  Best Friend forced me to get a job with him at this pizza place. Met his other best friend, my current SO, thought he was super cute but had no chance so didn't bother. We ended up spending the better part of four months flirting, hugging on each other, late night texting, until he got a long distance girlfriend. 

I was more or less crushed but pretended to be happy because, remember, I never stood a chance with him anyway. My best friend ended up having a party shortly thereafter and I got very drunk and when my best friend tucked me in, i texted my not-yet SO to come snuggle with me. Woke up the next morning with him, nothing dirty, just snuggles. I was crushing hard.

Next day at work I confessed to my manager when he asked how the party went how I felt about my SO (we're all one big group of friends there so it's really open). He ended up going behind my back and telling him how I felt. He didn't believe him. It took him a week, right when I was about to write him off, to text me telling me how he felt and that he definitely felt the same and wanted to see where we went with this. 

Danced around it for a month and a half, our best friend finally forced us into making it official, and I've never been happier.

Tl:Dr- Dating my best friend's best friend because we met working at a pizza shop &lt;3 I saw him at a party I went to in the north side of town. I drove him to a mexican joint. A year later met him again at a rager. Took him two hours to place why he knew me. Been only a year since then.  At a bar. It was 'techno night' and I was dancing with my friend who went to the bathroom (she was getting sick- I was not aware of this at the time). I wanted to keep dancing but no one was on the dance floor. So, being the bold lady that I am (hooray booze!) I told a group of people they should come dance. One guy turned and thought I was talking directly to him, and so I grabbed him and he proceeded to show me his very practiced 80s dance moves. 2 years now. 
  Instead of two Puffles, I adopted one.

We love eachother very much. I met my wife online on "meetme." I had just gotten my wisdom teeth removed and my friend dumped his kid on me so his wife and him could go out. I was all drugged up, babysitting a 2 year old girl in a small dorm room and I had been txting my SO for a few days and I invited her over to help me with the kid cause I was too loopy to do it alone. We started dating after that.

 And now we are married. 7th grade. I was mean to her because I liked her. 8th Grade.  6th grade, I dated his best friend and he dated mine. We were a close group. We both ended up single and hung out with each other. Became best friends, stayed best friends for years, finally confessed our love.  Same floor freshman year of college, officialy together around one month into school and been with her ever since (7 years next week). Getting married in May :) At work. I was on a mission to get him after a few weeks of talking to each other.  Internet She was subletting a room in my apartment in college. My roommate was gone for the summer and our room had an AC while the room she was subletting in didn't.

8 years later and we're married. Fingered her while her bf slept in the other room

 Drunk at a karaoke bar. People who do karaoke (and aren't trying to get "discovered") are usually able to laugh at themselves. Those are the kind of people you want. I'm a lesbian. It's hard to meet other chicks IRL when the odds are against you for compatibility. 

There's a pretty tight gay community on Plenty Of Fish. Made some friends, some enemies, and a fiancée. Crazy place, but I can't imagine finding others without taking up roller derby. I had been going through an extraordinarily rough patch in my life for quite some time, lost a lot of backstabbing friends, started drinking again. Anyways, when all the shitty pieces started fitting together and the unimaginable happened, my previous room mate/landlord teamed up with the neighbors across the street(whom I had known since I was 6, considered them more family then my own, and whose house I saved back in 09 by giving them my 7k bonus for joining the Army)   to kick me out of the house and take my truck on the same day. A little backstory on the truck, the neighbors across the street took out a loan and gave me the money to buy it, only 2k, I was a week late on a $50 payment and had already paid them over half but that was apparently to long.


 So, I had been talking to this guy on jack'd for about three days and told him my situation, because we seemed to be hitting off pretty well and I wanted him to know that I might disappear for a bit. He offered me a room in his house, he was looking for another room mate anyways and said that it would be strictly a professional arrangement, $500/month. I said yes, moved in the next day. After getting everything set up, we settled down in the main room, made a few drinks and watched Game of Thrones. After a while he very nonchalantly said that the tv in his room was much better so we moved to his room, things happened very quickly from there. We've officially been together just over four months now, he convinced me to quit my decent but ultimately dead end job in construction, go back to school full time, exercise more (we've climbed pikes peak, done the incline, hiked all over cheyenne canyon, and have done some killer mtb trails) and has been pretty fucking amazing and super supportive. I've even met his mom and we facetime with his parents almost every week. 

TL;DR Incredibly shitty life leads to risky living situation with a guy I've never met and only talked to for three days leads to the best relationship I've ever had and immensely improved quality of life.  I got him drunk and was the only bartender to charge him. He was the hottest guy I've ever seen, and still is. He actually had a concussion on the first day I thought I was going to get to talk to him (had only seen him in the bar when it was crowded), so I had to wait and man was he worth the wait. Most incredible, silly, smart, caring man I've ever met. I'm so lucky to have him and unlimited piggyback rides.  She used to be an employee of mine, but we grew to be really close friends.  My favorite game was to let a horrible post-drinking fart in the office, then call her in to do "paperwork".  She would come in, smell it, and go "WTF ASSHOLE!?" Then leave when I told her there wasn't any paperwork.

Oddly enough this weird shit made us become really good friends.  It wasn't til years later we were both single, and for the first time I thought of her as more than a friend.  We hit it off as a couple immediately, and I couldn't be happier.  Obviously because as a guy, I didn't have to worry about that first time farting in front of a girlfriend.   A big group of us were playing pool and hanging out and he hit me in the head with a pool stick We were friends in Highschool realized senior year that there was more there so we started dating, we've been together for 11 years, married for 3 and just had our first child two weeks ago  I met my Fiancee on Facebook. We lived in the same area and knew some of the same people. I had a cringe worthly ab, no shirt profile picture and she added me. I IM'd her and it's been 3 years.  I was at a birthday party at a beer hall.  when returning to the group after getting myself a pint I noticed my friend talking to her boyfriend who I hadn't seen in ages who was sitting with his back to me.   I ran over put my arm around him and said "BOB!!! how are....oh shit you're not Bob hi I'm ....."   He laughed we ended up talking all night and we've been together ever since.  That was 4 years ago were married  with a toddler and #2 on the way.  Best social goof I ever made!!  Okay, so I was at Warped Tour 2011 in Orlando, Florida. I had just got done dancing and going crazy to August Burns Red's final song of their set so basically I was dead. I was burning up, sweating profusely (94 degrees outside with hardly any shade), and in immediate need of a water. Anyway, I'm laying there on the ground trying to remain conscious and cool off. All of a sudden the most invigorating and refreshing rush of water splashes over my face (a water was $5). I look up to see who had done such a heavenly thing to see one of the most beautiful girls in the world. From there, I got up, hugged her (she was equally sweaty from the heat so that worked out great), and told her I loved her. Obviously I didn't love her but you guys get the point. We exchanged numbers and what not. Turns out she lived on the street behind my street. We texted, hung out, etc., and I finally made a move and went for the kiss. It worked and the relationship grew from there. We've now been together for 2 years and 2 months. Booyah. 


tl;dr...I was at a concert outside. It was hot. She dumped her water on me and I asked for her number.  My SO was a customer service rep that handled freight for our company.  She was in Memphis and I am in CT.  We bullcrapped during work calls for a couple months.  Then I went on vacation and when I came back she had sent me email.  We IM'd back and forth and then she gave me her home number.  This was September 2000.  In October was her first visit, in December she moved to CT and in January 2001 we were married.  We are going on 13 years of marriage and have 2 beautiful little girls. We went to high school together.  A friend introduced us one day, randomly, and we didnt talk for months after that. It started snowing after months of my talking,  and the buses werent running.  I was sitting in front of the school,  freezing,  and he randomly pops up and asks if I want a ride home. We get together for a few months and have a terrible falling out.  5 years later, he randomly messages me. We've been going strong since.
 I met up with a friend from college, her boyfriend (lets call him Tool), and Tool's friend from out of town. I spent the whole night convincing this friend that she should move to New York. After she went back to her hotel that night I asked Tool if she had a boyfriend. He gaffs and says, "Dude sorry but you just aren't her type." So a month later Tool's friend moves to the city, a month later we start dating and then 5 years later we are still together and in exactly one month from today she will be my wife.  Moral of the story is don't listen when someone says you aren't someones type and getting a girl to move half way across the country in the hopes that you will date her will sometimes actually work. Originally, 3rd grade. Interested in each other once we both were doing the musical in high school each year. Started dating senior year, and its going well so far :) Posted this a few times, but I actually met my SO on Omegle, before it was all dicks and kiks. I was reluctantly dragged to a new years eve party by a friend as I wanted to just stay at home. So I got dressed and picked up a bottle of Dom as I had a pretty successful year and wanted to treat myself.  I knew no one at this party besides the person I was going with and planed on just drinking and passing out in a corner. 

I showed up and its all couples and people I have seen around before but no good friends.  So I did my best to mingle and make friends as I can do that easily if I feel up to it.  And the liquor was helping.  
 
The friend who had brought me pointed out a girl that she had brought for another guy. I said she's kinda hot think I'll go check things out for him. I walked over and the first thing she said was to me was, "do you have someone to kiss tonight?". I replied no I just go here. She said, "well I'm kissing you" 

 I then poured her a glass of Dom.    And..... she hated it lol. So we split a few bottles of cheap champagne and just talked all night.  At one point she left to go to the bathroom and I, somewhat drunk, added my number to her phone she left behind. best decision of my life to date.

We talked all night and had a blast by ourselves, and ended up  falling asleep next to each-other that night.  

We left together super early in the morning and parted ways.  Never knowing if I would see her again as we forgot to exchange information.   

Well fate had my back as she saw the number in her phone I had left, and texted me that day..  We set a time to hang out a few days later to watch one of our favorite shows modern family together with a home cooked dinner.  

from that first date night on we have never spent a day apart for over two years now and will be married new years eve this year.  I honestly won the jackpot with this one and I cant wait to spend everyday with her for the rest of our lives.  

 Indirectly through tumblr. I had just moved to FL from the philly area and didn't know more than a handful of people. Bored, I searched the tag for the town I live in on tumblr, and she had just posted that she might have moved to the wrong part of town to make friends. Messaged her and we chatted for a couple days then went out for drinks. We got married almost a month ago.

TL;DR: Tumblr search tags We met on OKcupid over 5 years ago. I had just had a nasty break up about a year before and was finally getting back into the dating scene. I did better than I thought, went on a few dates, but I made rules for myself. No one 3 years younger than me and try to talk to the girl a bit more before going on a date to be sure she isn't nuts (some girls gave me their number after 5 minutes of chatting... kinda gave me a red flag).

Anyway, this girl messages me because in one of my pictures I am sitting next to R2D2, and she has a picture of her next to boba fett so she thought that was good a reason as any to chat with me. One day later she asks me out to a picnic for PB&amp;J, and I thought "ok... breaking the rules. She is 4.5 years younger and asking you out after one day... eh, what the hell".

So I went, she brought my favorite Jam (peach by the way), and we ended up talking about Space Cases, a show on Nickelodeon, for hours. We have since repeated that picnic date every anniversary. First week of college. My room mate and I decided to get tattoos as a bonding experience. Was showing it to a girl down the hall who was on the phone with her bf.  He had his phone on speaker and his best friend heard what I got and where. He had the same tattoo. We started talking and got along really well. That was 7 years ago and we just got married this past Sunday.  We met at freshman orientation before college. We were in the same small orientation group and were drawn to each other right away (despite the fact that I had a boyfriend, who I actually brought with me and was wandering around campus). So for the next two days, we talk, exchange contact info, and go our separate ways. Unfortunately, both of us lose each other's info. Three months later, I'm late to a freshman first week meeting in a different small group. The last seat is next to the guy from orientation. We start hanging out and become best friends. Meanwhile, I still have a long distance boyfriend. Alex hung in there as the best friend with feelings for 1 1/2 years and two more boyfriends before we finally started dating. It's over 7 years since we first met and now we're engaged and living together with a dog. Accidently, I went to add a friend on FB, both had the same first AND last name, their dislay pictures were at a huge distance and both with a red glow over them with an edit, on my phone they looked like the same, I added her, one day she messaged me asking who I was, total accident and I said "Oh sorry! i thought you were someone else" we talked anyways, finally met up and are now almost a year into being together. Met at a mutual friend's party. Been together since that day. Standing in line for a concert while I was on a date with my girlfriends bestfriend's sister.  Yup. We worked at the same grocery store, the moment I saw him I was attracted to him, but a co-worker informed me of his long term relationship so I didn't really pursue him. But, they eventually broke up three years later and now we've been dating 2 years and just moved in together in July! Yahoo Personals. First try. I am a designer so I put one of my interests as "Art" and I caught her eye. She was working as an Orchestra teacher in the town north of me at the time. We were both transplants and figured online was a good way to meet local people. At the time, it was a bit of a joke to tell people you met someone on the computer.

We chatted over email for a while, then messenger, then Phone. Dated for 2 years then moved in together. We been married for 5 years and couldn't be happier.

My wife tells everyone we met on Stalker.com.  We worked together at Jiffy Lube ("quick oil change place"). We started talking, dated, married, and now we are expecting twins. Met her at an animal shelter 3 years ago.  First words were "This fucking dog hasn't shit in 3 days." then the dog took a dump right after she got picked up. He handed me a business-type card that said "You're beautiful." On the other side, it said, "I'm not asking you for anything. I'm not asking you for a date. I just wanted you to know I think you're beautiful. Keep this card, or hand it to the next person you think is beautiful." The next time we were both at an event, he asked if he could ask me out. He did. The next week after our first date, I asked him out. We've been together for more than 2 years now.  I'm a firefighter got kicked off the engine for a shift change at 2100 hours after fighting fire all day (department trying to limit overtime). Take a shower and head to the local bowling alley. Very attractive bartender who has served me drinks for a couple years is partying with a couple friends.  Notices that I enter the bar. Comes up to me gives me a hug and whispers in my ear, "I would love to take you home but I know you are a complete asshole and a whore." Been together for two years  We met at a mutual friends birthday party.  We were the only two single people there, we ended up sitting next to each other playing cards against humanity, chatting about good winter beers.  

I spit said beer on her during the game when a funny card was read aloud.   I was mortified at first but she played it totally cool.  Pretty sure we were the only ones laughing.

The two of us were a bit drunk to drive home, she slept on the couch and I took the floor.  Our mutual friend gave me her number the next day practically begging me to call her, saying she needed a good guy to ground her and her exes had all been supreme jerks.  The rest is history. Tinder Met him during college at his girlfriends house.  Thought he was a dick.  Fast forward 6 months and myself and a 'friend" met a couple of guys, they invited us to have drinks with them and their other friend.  Walk into the apartment and it's him sitting on the couch.  I said "Great....just fucking great" inside my head and proceed to let my "friend" know we wouldn't be staying long.  My "friend" starts doing her usual I-want-all-the-attention-because-my-personality-sucks-so-this-is-all-I have  bullshit, basically making it known that she would fuck every guy in the room, acting like a complete slut, which she was...so I guess that wouldn't be acting.  She definitely was not trying to hide it.  Anyways, the three guys we met are acting into her because they probably want some easy pussy.  The only one who barely glanced at her was him.  This made me curious.  I caught him checking me out a little bit too...Basically observing me.  At some point my "friend" spills her drink all over my skirt.  I mean soaked.  I  was embarrassed and pissed.  He offered me a pair of his sweatpants, so I changed into those.  As I was leaving he told me to get in touch with him if I want to return his sweatpants.  I took his number, called him 3 weeks later and then we basically were together every day after that.   I met my boyfriend at the stripclub I was working at actually. I was serving beer and it was a UFC night. He was upstairs with some friends and his cousin and would wander down to buy a beer. He'd talk with me for 5/10 minutes before his cousin would run down the stairs to him. "Dude I thought you disappeared. Get back upstairs!" So then he'd go back upstairs and drink some more. Ten minutes later, here he comes again to get another beer. We talk for another ten minutes or so and here comes his cousin again. So he goes back upstairs.
This goes on about 5 or 6 times and then he has to leave. So before he does, he asks me for my phone number. So I give it to him. For the next month or so he'd come in on his own just to have a beer and visit.
We're going on 2 1/2 years now, bought a house and have 3 dog-children. LOTR marathon at a mutual friend's house.  I worked in a Mcdonalds, he worked at the DOMO next door.
He would come in everyday and order the same thing, and one day he gave my co-worker his number. She knew I thought he was cute, so she never called him (she also was interested in someone we worked with, who she wound up dating for several years)
One day he came in and complimented me on my glasses, and that was that.
These were the days of myspace, so he found me on here and messaged me a lot, and I would up taking him to a bonfire and we've been together ever since.
7 years, and still going. First ever class in college was sort of an orientation thing, meaning our parents were there with us.  I remember being impressed how totally confident she was when the rest of us were nervous beyond belief PLUS having the stress of being in that new environment with our parents (she had a dorky pin on with a picture of her and her mom, her mom was wearing an identical one).  I also remember she had super short shorts and killer legs.  

Later, I asked her about her experience that day.  She doesn't remember me being there.  She was dating a really good friend of mine. I drove both of them to Tim Hortons(Eh) and i sprayed axe in her face, we get to her place her mom said I was quirky and cute, 3 years later we're still together. We were playing spoons at a mutual friend's house; I was a sophomore, he was a senior. 

The introduction isn't too romantic or anything, but we started dating a couple of weeks later, and then bam: I moved to Argentina four months later (making us an 11-hour long distance) because of my father's job.
Each vacation, we'd get together and travel somewhere: Canada, Argentina, Italy, Romania. 

Seeing your SO twice a year (although for a couple of months at a time) is SO hard, and I probably wouldn't recommend it.

But now we're both in Texas, still long-distance but relatively WAY closer, and I couldn't be happier that we stuck it out. So many awesome memories! Tumblr. He wanted the URL I had. (Both of our favourite band is Streetlight Manifesto, it was a song name) ended up talking. He lived in Georgia and I in Florida at the time,  started doing long distance and about a year into the relationship he asked me to move in with him. I've been living here ever since. We've been togethet two years. I can't image anyone else id rather be with. She’s my sister-in-law’s best friend.  Her and my brother had been trying for months to set the two of us up and we continually refused because we both hate setups.  One day my brother asks me to go to a bar with him and his wife and a few both of their friends, turns out it was just the four of us.  Shady lying bastards.  We got to talking and ended up going out on a few dates, and now a year later we’re moving in together.  Funny thing is that we met at a bar and both hate bars more than anything. She bummed a cigarette off me out front of a bar. I can never say I regret picking up smoking haha. We both smoke far less now thankfully..  Mario Kart/Super Smash Bros. 64 tournament. My boyfriend and I met each other at a coffee shop. 

I was sitting at a table bored, and saw this guy at the table in front of me with his back turned, an he was using a computer. So, with nowhere else to turn, I put on my glasses to creep on his computer screen. I watched his screen for over an hour. He did everything from coding, looking up movie trailers, to looking up sheet music, torrents, youtube videos. He had the look about him of a guy who doesn't have internet at home. He was getting his shit *done*! 

When he started packing away his computer and mouse, I thought it was the end of it. Suddenly, he turned around and stared straight in my face, saying, "So, did you enjoy those movie trailers?" I thought I'd been pretty slick, but he knew the whole time. I was obviously very embarrassed, but we ended up talking for a while. He recently admitted to me that he had pretended to go to the bathroom a few times just to walk by me and check me out.

We've been together almost two months now, and he's all I could hope for with a guy. Smart, funny, cute, hardworking, and good with his hands. Plus, he saved me from being homeless a few weeks ago. I'm so glad I decided to be creepy that day. 
 we met in a web design class, smoking outside and bitching about bad clients(we both were experienced and only taking the class because we had to). he asked for my number "to help him review his website" and I gave it to him but he never called. then next semester we had an introductory programming class together. first day he didn't get a chance to sit by me but second day of class he made a beeline to the seat next to me. I knew I had him then. he asked me to come over to study one day and we uh, didn't really do much studying... three years later we are still going strong and about to graduate together. we work together a lot and make a great team.  Saw her on a subway platform late at night on Wednesday. Ran into her at a bar on Friday. Went to my apartment together on Monday. At work.  I met her when she came to shadow one of the ER doctors and some else asked me who she was.  The doctor she was shadowing has a reputation for going after hot blondes so I joked about that, as she clearly could have been a model.

Eventually I just started talking to her as I'm pretty friendly by nature, and soon after she got a job in the ER and we started talking all the time.  We had some funny work moments together, she was super nice, and I always wanted to ask her out but she was 22 and I'm 30 so it was kind of awkward.

Then I threw the company christmas party and invited every single person at work hoping she'd come... she did :)

Been almost a year, she's in med school 5 hours away but I love her and its the easiest distance in the world to drive to see her.  We're making it work and I can't wait for a time when the distance is gone again.

As for looking like a model, turns out on top of being a cute, smart and funny doctor, she modeled for Axe and some other liquor company.  I'm not sure what's wrong with her brain that makes her want to be with me but in not gonna question it.  So yea, I'm pretty stoked :) I actually met my SO because of our two shitty exes. In college, I was with a guy who sent me to a girl's dorm to pick up a book for him. He and this girl had history, so I was super nervous and knew it would be awkward. The door opens and it's a guy (my current SO). He had been recruited by the girl (his gf) to give the book to my bf. We didn't start dating until 2 years and several chance meetings later. When we first went out, he asked if I remembered that awkward book exchange, because he had remembered me since then! We met in HS, but it was years after that when we got together. 

Originally she was a HS frosh, I was a HS senior and her mom was smokin' hot. I mean smoking hot, every dude at school (car or not) would wait until she was picked up in the afternoon. She was recently divorced, young executive secretary and in great shape. Due to the fact that she was dating a good friend of mine, I took liberty to let her know so...every chance that I got. It came out in the open at one of the school functions (JROTC) an award for flirtation directed towards me was dedicated to her mom...who happened to be in the front row.

So I join the service (military) &amp; she finishes HS, goes to college eventually enlisting in the service as well. While we talked superficially a couple times over the years, it wasn't until an impromptu/unnoficial cross country JROTC reunion one Christmas that we made moves on each other. Neither was that serious about it, but then we realized we only lived about three hours apart and that there was something serious a-brewing.

We did long distance for 2 years, married for one of those. Haven't looked back, and we're coming up on our 6 year marriage anniversary this January. The whole thing is a wide open joke in the family now, (I went for you because your mom was taken by the time I got back). Went to a shitty for-profit art school. Met her the first weekend there but didn't think she was interested.  Next week I figured out she was and we got together. Fast forward five years and we have our own place together and plan to get married next October. I lost my virginity to and hooked up with his best friend for over 6 months during my freshman year of college. 

We were best friends after that ended. A year and a half later we started drunkenly fucking  and then started dating about two years after ending it with said friend.

All our friends were surprised, but I think of it as my grown up fairy tale. 
 I was just getting over the flu and I called my friend, Z, to see what he doing that night. I didn't have a car at the time and there had been a huge ice storm that week, so I couldn't walk far. Z lived right down the road. He tells me their having a party because their power finally got turned back on after the storm. They were celebrating because they still hadn't paid the bill and had gotten the shut off notice the day before the power outage, therefore they essentially shouldn't have had power. I walk down there and start meeting everybody. I wasn't planning on drinking so I decided to man the drinks instead. I played bartender, mixing drinks and pouring shots and whatnot. Another guy, J, started coming behind the bar after awhile and joins me. We flirt back and forth shamelessly and the flirting evolves into him taking body shots off of me and relentless making out. I called him the next day and we hung out again at his house and have only spent about 10 days apart total since then. I learned later that Z pulled J aside along with a couple other buddies of theirs while I was on my way and told them to steer clear of me because he'd been wanting to make a move and tonight was the night. J is a bit of a dickhead, but he's mine and we're celebrating five years together in January.

Tl/dr:: we met five years ago at a party where he was supposed to let his friend make a move on me, but instead toon the reins himself. Just read it. It's my favorite story to tell. We met briefly at a party, he's best friends with one of my friends. After the party I added him on Facebook then about a month later we randomly struck up a conversation on chat and fell for each other pretty quick after. She was my boss. a circlejerk subreddit. In college.  I was dating his friend :P Not a SO but someone I have a date with later tonight.  I climbed past her on a big boulder in Big Sur, CA.  As I was passing her she flashed me a beaming smile and I noticed just how gorgeous she was.  By the time she made it to the top I had mustered the courage to chat her up.  One thing leads to another and we're smoking a joint and talking about how we live pretty close to each other in San Francisco.  Trivia tonight should be fun.  A bit of a long story, but here goes:

We met in college in my sophomore year; I got my first job at an on-campus Quiznos and had been working there for a couple months before my to-be SO joined. I hardly got to work the same shifts with her but I'd see her maybe two to three times a week at work with no more than an hour or two's worth of time, but those few, gleaming moments were always the highlight of my days during the week.

I introduced myself like any other co-worker would and shared the usual pleasantries and small talks, but they were somewhat scarce due to lunch rushes and being stuck in different duties while on the clock. However, things really started taking off when we became comfortable with each other. We shared the same music and game interests, had the same morbid sense of humor and were both equally flirty; the biggest drawback was that she already had a boyfriend from high school.

It didn't stop us from hanging out together with other Co-workers or have fun at work, but after a few months it became clear to me that I wouldn't have a shot in hell with her, and the fact that she was just as playful with the other guys at work didn't help either. There were a couple times we got to hang out alone; one time her insecure boyfriend third-wheeled with us to mini golf, but the closest we ever got to a date was when we strolled around campus at night, which almost ended with a kiss but I held back to not be "that guy".

I quit my job the following year and we slowly started drifting apart. I was in a huge existential funk from my parents' divorce and my general lack of confidence and good self-image, and my antisocial tendencies caused me to burn bridges with other friends and her as well. Towards the last two years of college I found out she had left her boyfriend and was in a relationship with one of the Co-workers, and that pretty much meant the end of it for me. Or so I thought.

I spent a year dealing with unemployment and part time work at a dead end job before I finally nutted up and joined the Marines in hopes of getting a better start in the federal job world while the economy was going to shit. I thought of her occasionally during the.nightmare that is basic training, but it never amounted enough for me to try to contact her in anyway primarily because there's very little you can think of with DI's screaming in your face.

After about half a year of boot camp and training, I ended up hearing from her through Facebook. She saw pictures of me and these drastic changes I've made and hoped to hear from me to catch up. I enthusiastically replied and exchanged numbers. I even started planning the trip and things to do on the day we agreed to meet on; neither of us thought or approached it thinking it was a date, but the day we finally met it most certainly felt like one. We laughed, shared crazy stories, and I even found out she and the Co-worker had broken up the year prior. The day was going so swimmingly, and eventually we found ourselves at the local pier with dinner, carnival games, and ultimately the ferris wheel where we shared our first kiss.

It sounds sickening just how cliche it became, but that day (even now) I looked back at all the lousy things surrounding my life and all the circumstances that served to keep us apart were all little inconveniences that made our amazing reunion that much more worth it.

We're still together now and coming up to our second anniversary next month, and if I had to do it all over again I wouldn't change a thing. I moved in with my best friend and her husband. It was an MIL apartment attached to their house. I watched their relationship slowly unravel as it became clear she was cheating. He and I hung out constantly and became very close. The day she fessed up to cheating and no longer loving him was the day he made his move on me. We have been together for years and the ex-wife is still my best friend. I walked into a smokey garage during one of my frat parties. First thing I see is a very drunk pledge brother trying to pick up the "girl of his dreams" I spend the rest of the night taking care of him and just talking to her. After a month a couple outings and a few hikes we finished our first year.  I regret nothing. This girl brings out the best in me. I can't wait to see where life takes us. Senior year of high school in AP Biology class.  
  
We got picked as lab partners and so I joined Facebook so we could share info on our project. She ended up inviting me to a halloween party at a barn she rode horses at, I thought she was hot so I said yes. Had fun, she invited me to a bon fire at her friends the next week, I knew she liked gummy bears so I bought her two bags and brought those. We ended up cuddling next to the fire. After a cóuple weeks I got up the nerve to ask her out on election day 2008. We've been together 5 years now. I met him on the personals subreddit for our state... We were both looking for something short-term but fell in love instead! We live together now. Jim France accounting class at UNLV in September of 2010 through a mutual friend.  Got married May 12, 2012. When I was in high school I lived in an apartment and there was some really cute maintenance guys. Year later, my father has spoken to them more than I have, but I notice that I always see the really cute one ride by when I got off the bus... EVERY DAY. Finally get to meet them... they are brothers and deviously handsome ones that know all too well their effect on the females. There was the ken doll, the big brawny scot and the little rock star. The scot was the guy I saw everyday, was summer and I had graduated but he walked by the pool at the same time everyday if only to say hello. Get to know them... REALLY good people... trying to leave crazy junky BF only to have him hunt me down like a damn deer one night in the complex. He hadn't met my new friends, yet. I was told when that rat bastard saw the scot, his family and brothers surround him he looked like he was gonna faint. He KNEW I had finally told someone about the abuse and he thought he was about to be sent straight to hell . My now father-in-law told him to zip up his pants and to never come back while a couple of family friends helped his accomplices out of the bushes. The best part of all of this is that my father who was terminally ill saw the whole thing and knew when he left this earth I would never be alone. We have 3 children, our youngest with same disease that took my father's life. Through death and life we came together. We have not left each others side in 10 years       My best friend was dating (now married) his friend and co-worker. They showed him a picture of me and described me to him. He was interested, so my best friend gave me his info and we connected online since I was living 5 hours away at the time. 5.5 years later and we've been married for 2.5 years.  We met through work friends. I always thought he was cute but he only hung out with his small group of friends then moved out of town. When he came down to visit we all hung out and played scrabble together. I got his number and the rest is history! We went to kindergarten and first grade together, then I moved away.  In college, my friends and I went to a cougar bar and she was there hanging out with her aunt.  

Fun fact: The chick my buddy nailed that night may or may not have been a hooker. Was online and wanted to find friends from other cultures. Started to talk to one 12 hours a day. Things happened. Been together for a year. So my advice is, if you want to find something, don't look for it. Met in a comic book shop during a NaNoWriMo kickoff event. Getting married in February. The summer after 10th grade I went on a school trip to Spain/Italy/France with couple friends and the Spanish Club. There was this girl I had thought was cute and throughout the trip my friend and I were competing for her essentially, we referred to it as "the pursuit of happiness" for the Kid Cudi song was popular at the time. 
Now for the interesting part: on the second to last night i purchased a 1.75 of Absolut Citron (I was 15 so I thought I was the coolest guy ever). That night we arrived in San Sebastian, Spain. The Spain national team was playing in the world cup that night so we watched the game and engaged in binge drinking, I recall celebrating with a person in the apartment complex across the alley of our hotel after a goal. We ended up getting really drunk then me and this girl, who I had my eyes set on for the two week duration of the trip, ended up making out. An hour later was quiet hours so we retired to our rooms, some time later I learned she was puking. The walls of this hotel were super thin so you could hear it in the hallway, it wasn't long before the teacher chaperon found out. My SO told on me when asked who gave her the alcohol so I got chewed out and admitted it was just us thinking it would be cute to do on one of our last days to cover for my other drunk friends.  Since we had signed a waiver saying we would be sent home if we consumed alcohol, us two were sent in a taxi at 5am to the Barcelona airport where the American Airlines terminal didn't open until 8 so there was a lot of confusion / language barrier / hungoverness. We ended up making it to New York where I left my passport on the plane, stupid me. Almost had to file a police report for the lost passport which would have caused me to miss my connecting flight but a flight attendant saved me and found it. We made it back to Minneapolis safely but had to deal with punishment from the parents. Me and her talked for a year and ended up dating. Still together two and a half years later, for this reason I do not regret my decisions that I made on that trip whatsoever.

TL;DR 10th grade international school trip with a girl I thought was cute, got drunk in Spain, essentially woke up on a flight from Barcelona to New York with her, talked for a year afterward, now have been together for 2.5 years.  I met my SO when I was abroad.

My company sent me to train new employees at the new office they were opening overseas. Months earlier, I started to date this girl in my city. Long distance relationships stink and after a few months, I got flirty with a female employee (her cousin). After a while, her cousin and I started dating.

Met her friends and my future wife. Everything is great, aside from the fact I have a girlfriend back home. It's the elephant in the room. Her friends all warned her about me considering my situation. We start hanging out with my wife and a mutual friend (from the office abroad and also girl).

After a few weeks, the cousin flies to another city in the country to help open a branch office. Now, I'm in two long distance relationships. I hang out more with my wife and the friend. I learn I'm going to stay a bit longer abroad.

I fly back home to get more supplies and to get ready for a longer stay abroad. I break up with the girlfriend at home (didn't want to do it over the phone while I was abroad). I fly back abroad after a week.

The cousin flies back to the main office overseas. Things appear strained. Keep hanging out with my wife and the friend. After a while, things blow up. She's angry I have a girlfriend back home. I tell her we broke up when I went home. She doesn't believe me. We break up.

That night, my wife, the friend and I go drinking. Even later that night, end up making out (nothing else) with my wife on my bed.
Next day, the friend tells us what we did the previous night. Told us, it was quite the show.

Awkwardness. I don't remember.

My wife vaguely recalls it. The wife has a boyfriend who is studying abroad. Everyone goes home. Later that afternoon, the wife comes over.

We have "the talk" and agree it was just a drunken misadventure. We make plans to watch a movie at my place and we call the friend over. Everyone leaves when the movie ends.

The next day, the wifeand I make plans to watch another movie. We call the friend over, but she cannot make it. We watch the movie without her.

Bam! Sex. No idea how the movie ends. She leaves.

The next day, we talk about how sex was a mistake too. She has a boyfriend and is planning to fly abroad to be with him in a month or so. We agree that was it and we would never talk about it again. We end up having sex every day (some days many times) for the next month or so.

Eventually, it's getting close to when the wife needs to leave. She picks me and breaks up with her boyfriend over the phone.

We get married a year or so later.

tl;dr Went abroad to help train new employees at a new office for company. Dated her cousin. Met my wife. Broke up with cousin. Married my wife.

edit: pronouns shitfaced at a bar. turns out i make good impressions shitfaced at bars. We were both on a mission trip in San Francisco. One night, one of the group activities was to wash each other's feet, like Jesus washed the disciples' feet. So I randomly chose this girl with a broken foot, because hey, that's one less foot, and she had a pretty smile and was easy on the eyes. I joked around, she laughed from my stupid jokes and having her foot tickled, and the rest is history. We met off a dating website and talked for three days before meeting up, we met up outside the train station and it had been snowing the days before and was pretty cold out, this happened two years ago almost and all I remember is him walking up to me and then us walking to the docks in my town, I'm sure we said hi to eachother first but all I remember is him saying "If I die now it's your fault" as we was crossing a road and a car was coming towards us, later on in the night we swapped things, he gave me his scarf and I gave him my glittery gloves, he asked me out properly two weeks later :) still together now.  We were standing in line to ride a mechanical bull. I thought she was cute, so I challenged her to a friendly competition of who can stay on the bull the longest. She thoroughly kicked my ass, and I offered to buy her a steak (common item on the menu) she informed me she was a vegetarian, which lead to a conversation, which lead to several drinks, which lead to a phone number. I was about 15 and had no friends in high school. This was probably because I had moved around most of my life and when my family finally settled here, the kids in my school had all known each other for years. I was new and, to be frank, completely socially retarded.

I started hanging out in a Yahoo chat room (it was like, 2001) and I was lucky enough to meet this really cool guy. We had a ton in common, he was a great listener, and holy crap he was so funny. While we were chatting it came up that we both lived pretty close to the same city, but on opposite ends. We spoke nearly every day via Yahoo messenger for the next three years. He really kept me sane during a really lonely period of my life. I had developed a bit of a crush on him, but he was so far out of my league that I thought nothing would ever come of it. 

Anywho, I had just graduated high school and my boyfriend of about a year broke up with me. The guy I had been speaking with on Yahoo had recently moved into the city to go to a really well known art school. I asked him if he wanted to check out the "Resident Evil" movie because I really needed to take my mind off of my ex. He agreed and we met up at the movie theater a few hours later. 

I was so relieved we were meeting up to see a movie, because I couldn't even look him in the eye. He was even more attractive in person. It felt like I had a whole swarm of butterflies in my stomach. Every now and then I'd peek over at him and he'd be looking back at me with this crooked smile on his face. Once the movie was over one of us kissed the other... I'm still not sure who initiated it, but it was awesome. We dated for about a year and a half before we split due to some life stresses causing problems within our relationship. We decided to stay friends, but we just stopped talking altogether. It was easier that way.

I dated a bit more through college and into my early 20's. Then, a mutual friend added him on Facebook and we started talking again. One thing lead to another and we've been dating for just over two years now. He still has the movie ticket stubs from "Resident Evil" tucked into a book and, when he looks at me, I still feel that swarm of butterflies in my stomach. I met my boyfriend at the Renaissance Faire, during Time Travelers Weekend, which is basically geek weekend. In addition to the normal Ren Faire stuff, there's lots of pop culture and fandoms, especially Doctor Who, and lots of steampunk. It's great.

I was waiting for the costume contest to start and was all decked up in a steampunk fairy costume. He came up to me and started asking about my costume and asked if he could take a picture. I didn't think anything of it because people were doing that all day, to me and to everyone else. Showed up after the contest, too, and gave me a paper. It was his number and name, written on the back of a ticket stub. He wrote "I'm cuter when I'm not in costume!" on it, too -- even though he wasn't in costume. My friend and I had a fit of giggles after he left and I told her that I was "totally going to do it" because he'd be surprised.

He was absolutely shocked when I totally did it and texted him later that week. And now we're together. Hahaha.

Later, he told me how he had to run from stand-to-stand in order to find a pen. I thought that was super sweet.

**TL;DR Boyfriend and I met at geek weekend at the Ren Faire.** My wife and I met like this...

There is a honky-tonk bar, of which there are many in this town.  Her and her friend were hanging out and some kinda douchy guy I knew were talking.  In my mind, I was thinking "this dude is a douche, LET'S RESCUE RANGER THESE GALS!"  Luckily, there was a cardboard cut out of Elvis, allowing me to fittingly gyrate and make the only intro that seemed fit.

EUREKA!  It worked!

A few drinks later and a need for a change of scenery, we travel to an after hours hispanic club; the kind where you have to BYOB.  Everyon is dancing in this circle and my future wife to be and I are getting down on the dance floor.  Very white people wasted dancing, but it was fun.

We hail a cab and make it back to her place.  This turned into drinks, games, and coloring on each other.  You know, how most people meet each other.

Here we are 6 years later, happily married and getting better every day, 3 kids.

I can't wait til they're old enough to know how we met.  I expect some dropped jaws. 2.5 years ago, it was her 24th birthday. My buddy introduced us because he thought we'd get along. We started liking each other, but she said she wasn't ready to date.

I made a mistake and dated another girl for a little over a year. We broke up a year ago. 

A month or so ago, her and I started talking again. She came over for the weekend (now lives two hours away, going to university), and she tells me her feelings and how she was secretly jealous when I started dating the other girl, and how she wishes she had said something sooner...then she asked if I'd like to date now.

I jumped at the chance, because I really like her. Been together for a couple weeks now, and she's fabulous. Religion Went to the movies with a good friend of mine and he brought two other friends I didn't know. Movie ends, I have a strange thing for always wanting to see the credits too. Everyone left right after the movie finished, my friend included, and as I gaze to the seats next to me, boom, one of the guys he brought along is sitting there too. We looked at each other and smiled. Turns out we have a lot more in common than just both liking to watch credits.   Sold pot to her in college He works for the company where I'm the receptionist. Met tailgating for a football game last year.  Where I went to college, some people wear tiger tails on game day.  She had one on and some guy came up right behind her and said, "I like your tail." Needless to say, she found it incredibly creepy. I overheard her conversation about what had just happened and being the genius i am, decided it would be hilarious to say the exact same thing he just had in the exact same manner as creepily as i could. Explosions and fireworks everywhere.  We met in band in the 7th grade, he played the trombone and I played the trumpet. We met because him and another guy got caught reading my friend's diary out loud in the band room and I caught him hiding in one of the instrument cubbies and I thought it was really funny and cute (my friend, not so much). After 6 years of friendship I got the courage to ask him to be my date for my Marching Band Formal at my university and he said yes. He was getting frustrated because he wanted to asked me to be his girlfriend during a slow song, but they never played one so he asked me out during "Party in the U.S.A" by Miley Cyrus. I said yes, and we've been dating for 7 months now :). 
 TL;DR Band Geek Love In the 3rd grade. I had a club called "the drew lovers club" (DLC). Transferred to same high school. Knew his Gf and knew she was cheating on him. I put used tampons in her parents mailbox because my lesbian friends hated her too. 2 years after graduation, I ran back in to him and stole him away from that same girl. He had just signed a year lease with her even though she had just admitted to cheating on him for 4 straight years while all of his friends knew about it. He lost all his "friends" over the ordeal. It's been over 2 years together and we have crammed so much life in those years! Lots more to go :) we will be tying the knot as soon as we can afford it.

Edit.. Oh yah! DLC for lyfe!  He was coming out of a foam pool party with 8 year olds wearing one of their blow up dinosaur ring floaties around his waist. Dreamboat  A sculpture class in community college. 

Truly fate, because it was my first quarter of college that I was tempted not to do, and he signed up for it cuz it was the only class available. All the other art classes he wanted were full.  Through my then fiance, they were best friends. 

He was staying with us for a few months, and I couldn't resist how nice he was to me. Nothing too special, just plain politeness. Thanking me for cooking, or noticing I had cleaned the house. Really made me realize how much of a jerk my ex was to me.

From there it turned to him noticing that I had changed my hairstyle, and telling me I looked pretty. The thing that broke me and my ex up was a simple note that he slipped into my purse. "You are beautiful, and you deserve better. I think Im falling in love with you" 

Happily together 2 years now.  He sat across from me at work. He eventually left the company, and that was when I realized I missed him, and had real feelings for him. Luckily, he felt the same way.  My parents own a restaurant in which I work as a waitress. He was hired as a busboy. He pursued me for two years before I finally realized I should not be afraid. I mean, if you're ready to wait two years for a girl, it's not just for an adventure. I let myself fall in love. We've been together for almost a year and a half. And yes in the end, he got his boss's daughter... Worked together. Flirted a little here and there. Then one day he decided to just corner me and kiss me. Together ever since. I was fooling around with this one girl for a couple months last year. And I kinda had a threesome with her roommate. Now that roommate is my girlfriend. We've been together 7 months now and she's literally the love of my life. We met in a weird circumstance yes. But she also turned out to be the most genuinely kind person I've ever met.  Truth be told, I friended her on facebook, introduced myself via chat and after a few days of talking a lot invited her over to watch a movie at my house. One year later and I've never been happier! I was just a small town girl, livin' in a lonely world. 
I took the midnight train goin' anywhere.
He was just a city boy, born and raised in south Detroit .
He took the midnight train goin' anywhere 
 Okay, no joke. I live in the suburbs of Illinois.

I met this chick in Mexico.

I'm on this mission trip, right? Doing my thing in Cabo San Lucas. At my hotel, BOOM this stunning girl walks right in front of me. I think to myself, I gotta get to know this chick. Turns out she's lived in Mexico for three years. Had lived in China, too.

Thing is, she was on the trip with me. So yeah, she lives in my hometown. A year before that, she moved from Mexico back to the States. But I met her in Mexico (different town than where she lived). Two weeks after the trip, we started dating. Now, 14 months later, still together.

TL;DR Picked up a chick in Mexico. He &amp; a group of friends were sitting at a table in a coffee house I was a regular at. His friends were very loudly making fun of several of the other customers. ie "look at that freak with the plaid pants, what a fucking loser" &amp; so on. After they made fun of a few of the people sitting at my table I'd had enough. I walked up to their table &amp;.called them out, told them they were all assholes &amp; had no right to make fun of anyone. A few weeks later the first week of college started &amp; I had class with one of the guys that was sitting at that table &amp; he remembered me bitching at them. We became lab partners &amp; his best friend later became my best friend &amp; eventually my husband.  I became aware my so when I was young. We became very acquainted throughout the years and we'd do everything together. We started getting intimate when we were both about 14.  We've been intimate on and off ever since, depending if I had an actual girlfriend or not.  I am actually engaged to my first love's cousin :P We have been dating for 8 years. Go figure. I met my husband on okcupid. He was my boyfriend's best friend.

Sounds worse than it is. I was sharing a house with 3 other guys in Poughkeepsie NY. One of the guys had their girlfriend over and she was showing pictures from her summer at the NJ Shore. In one of the pictures was a cute blond girl. I told her that is the kind of girl I would like. A couple of months later we had a Halloween party. The girl from the picture came up from Philly to visit her friend and to go to the party. She basically hit on me and we hooked up that night. 2yrs later we got married 30yrs later, we are still married. She said her friend never said anything about my comment about her picture from the NJ shore. /sigh... 4chan. We had a few mutual friends at college, and they planned a group trip to the cinema to see Star Trek. We started talking as soon as we left college and didn't stop until the film started. Started again as soon as the film finished, and didn't stop until we had to go home. I went home and couldn't get him out of my head, and he asked me out a week later. 

We've been together for over 4 years ago now. It's funny, because he almost didn't go, but we're both so glad he did.  She worked for a Company that was one of my clients, they did a considerable amount of business with us so we talked on the phone 2/3  times a week. A friendship developed, we exchanged photos (this was pre- facebook, myspace, etc.)  photos were emailed back and forth.  I thought she was stunningly beautiful. But there were 3 things not going for me,  A-she was younger than me (13 years), B- I was married at the time. and C- My client and she were in a different country.  I leave my job, she get's another job as well, we keep in contact by email, one about every 6 months or so. 9 years pass by, I get divorced, she receives a ticket to come to my city where I am living.   I had emailed her previously telling her I had gotten divorced (we had no intentions of meeting), so when she receives the plane ticket she emails me if she can come and stay at my place, since hotels were expensive and she did not know anyone in town (except me).  I said that I would not have any problems with that. I thought it would be just as friends, did not think anything would come of it.  We hit it off once we met in person, maintained a long distance relationship for a year (thank you msn video chat), and we have been married for 4  1/2 years.  Funny how the world turns.  He moved to the US from Colombia as a kid in the 90s. Met a nice guy at church (my uncle) who happened to be an immigration lawyer and helped my SO while he was undocumented. Eleven years later, my uncle stages a "chance" meeting and later says, "I just thought you two would have a lot in common." Three years later and he refuses to admit it was a set-up. Uncle Bill FTW! He was my sisters best friend and she pushed us together for a couple of months with both of us just brushing it off as a joke. Finally we developed a crush, drunkenly had sex on her couch, and now we've been together almost three years. Thanks sis. Through a random conversation on Kongregate. Invaded each others airspace... Accidentally, when I first got a facebook account and didn't really know my way around. I added her thinking it was a fan page/official account for a certain comic book character. Party at a mutual friend's house. She sent me a drunken message on myspace. I replied. We've been together almost 5 years now. I was going down the stairs in my apartment complex in college to head to my car. I heard a lot of noise and saw two girls struggling mightily to carry a keg up the stairs. Me being the keg carrying master that I am, (I moved a lot of kegs in college), offered my skills free of charge. This earned me an invite to the party later that evening. I showed up to the party fashionably late and I was greeted by one of the girls. We had a few drinks and I was smoothly chatting her up for about half an hour while she mispronounced my name continuously (my name is very easy to pronounce, it was like calling someone Todd when their name is Tom). Then she suddenly interrupted me and made a B line for the bathroom to vomit. I then saw the other roommate who I began to speak with. We hung out a few times after and soon started dating. We are now married and just had out first child. I am so glad that her roommate got sick that night. If she didn't, I may have hooked up with her which likely would have made me off limits to my wife. It would have never worked out with her roommate.  She was my landlord. I beat her in beer pong during a random house party in college, and as she lost she flipped me the middle finger. What a lady.  Met at a bar---he was with some girl, I was with some guy, I get white girl wasted on Irish car bombs and commence to strike up a conversation, pinch his nipples, and basically act like the "fun" girl I can be.  I have no recollection of most of these events (see:  Irish car bombs).

Cut to two weeks later, I'm on match.com, start chatting with this guy---he's all like, "were you at such and such bar a couple of weeks ago?"  and I'm like, "fuck, probably, what did I do?"

We met for our first date that Tuesday, over five years ago.  We just got married.  I love that when people ask us how we met, we both laugh about the story because it's so stupid and so US.  He reddits, so it will be funny to see if he mentions this post this evening (hi honey!). Strip club I called some girl a cunt in a yahoo chat room. She pm'ed me because she thought it was funny. I lived in Texas at the time and she was in Canada. That was in 2002. We are now married with a 9 yo kid She went to a bar after class and was sitting having a drink.  I was at the bar because I was always at bars (serious alcoholic, about 2 fifths every day at the time).

A bunch of bros were hitting on her and she wasn't enjoying that.  I came up and started acting super flamboyantly gay.  Bros got confused boners and moved on.

Had a conversation with her about Latin, English, and computer programming language syntax and grammar. She's minoring in linguistics. She strips to pay the bills.

Eventually got her to date me.  I quit drinking.  She quit stripping.

Been together for about a year now. She graduated this summer. My best friend/SO and I both attend LSU. We met in Free Speech Alley while watching Brother Jed Smock (famous angry evangelical preacher) discuss the sin of premature hand-holding. I met my girlfriend on gaiaonline.com... She moved across an ocean to be with me. :) She's lived exactly one mile from my house all our lives. I don't remember not knowing her We both had high school sweethearts and were both broken up with shortly after university. 

Our exes have mutual friends (a married couple) - his ex girlfriend was good friends with the wife, my ex boyfriend, good friends with the husband. 

In 5 years, we had been at some of the same events but never met. 

Post break up, this couple takes me out to dinner for my birthday (they were the only friends of my ex's that stayed friends with me - that's a whole other story). The couple had been talking up this guy that their friend had broken up with, how amazing he was, and how we would be perfect together. 

Coincidence has it, he ends up showing up at the same bar. It was not a set up and he lives 45 minutes away from where we were. The rest is history. 

5 years of bullshit from one guy led to the most amazing life with another. Almost makes me believe in fate.   We worked together for 3 years before we started dating. We got along great and spent a lot of time more or less openly flirting, but neither one of us made a move for fear of messing with our jobs. Then, one day, she had a medical issue that required an ambulance and I rode with her. When it happened, it felt like the most natural thing in the world that I should go. I held her hand the whole way and stayed with her in the hospital until her parents drove me home. I realized that day that my "no co-workers" rule was going to leave me with regrets for the rest of my life.

Another 3 years later and we're engaged and saving for our wedding and our first house. Incidentally, her parents adore me and I think it has something to do with that introduction. I met my girlfriend in middle school band. We both played clarinet. She was in 6th grade, I was in 7th and she got invited up to play with the 7th/8th grade band for the big "Pirates of the Caribbean" piece we played. Her and myself were both 1st clarinetists. I had never said a word to her besides "Hi" and other helpful critiques about hitting certain notes. There was a flute player who had this INSANE crush on me. I was too nice to tell her I didn't like her, so I told her I liked my now-gf.  That flute player gave me her number and told me to talk to her. Thank you Juliann.

We are now both in college 7 years later, together with some rough patches that we worked together to get past. But nonetheless, happily together.

TL;DR: Met in middle school band. What happens at band camp, stays at band camp. We were in French class together, but she rarely would talk and so I never knew her name until a week or two before the end of term when the teacher called on her spontaneously. Armed with her first name and the internet, I searched for everyone on Facebook with the name "blahblah" at BlahBlah University. 

Her profile picture wasn't of her so I got discouraged but found one that looked interesting and decided to look at it anyway because it was Doctor Who themed. I clicked on it and it happened to be her profile. Then I awkwardly initiated a Facebook conversation about Doctor Who and stuff. Eventually we were in the same class again and using all my social savvy, I got her to study with me. Eventually I asked her out and the rest is history. 

This takes place over the course of about 2.5 years but for about 1.5 years of this, I was dating another girl so it makes sense that it took so long.



**TL;DR** : Stalked the shit out of this girl in my French class, cozied up to her using the ol' study buddy method and eventually asked her out. At a treatment center. She was there for depression and I was there for alcoholism. We were friendly but not close when in treatment, because we were in totally different programs. 

About 2 years after leaving treatment we somehow ran into each other. We struck up a conversation and sparks flew.  Not my current SO, but the first one I married - on the night express from Nairobi to Mombassa.  I bribed the dining car attendant to seat her at my table.

EDIT:  Spelling. Went to a dinner my friend organised (to which I didn't want to go but, still went) and she was there. She intrigued me so, I tried talking to her but she was pretty much ignoring me...fast forward a month, I meet her again at another thing my friend invited me and she was there again. Exchanged contact information, talked for a year, during which she was single and I started dating someone else and we finally ended up dating. A girl I met through mutual friends and hung out with alone became my gf when:

the 4th time we were hanging out watching a movie when I suddenly had to sneeze. Somehow, I shot my arms in different directions when I sneezed (like a dumbass) accidentally punching her in the face making her tear up, so I quickly shout out as I'm making sure shes fine "Im so sorry I love YOU". No idea why, we were just friends.

Almost 4 years later and I'll be proposing soon! This isn't my story but my parents. When my mother was younger she was kind of a bitch (coming from her mouth as she told me the story not my own). Well my dad had asked her out and she gave him one of those really bitchy looks and said no. Well later on down the road about a week later my mother was out drinking with her friends and all of her friends were left with somebody. So she was left walking back alone, btw this is Milwaukee so not the best place on the earth. This guy followed her out of the bar and was following her home and she was freaking out, but then my dad was walking the opposite way down the street saw her and saw the guy following her walked up next her and walked with her home. 
TL;DR-My mother was a bitch to my dad and he still ended up helping her when she needed it. ICQ

Instantly aged myself In the local pub. Walked into my first day of work in fast food when I was seventeen, long haired and awkward as all hell could be. Made eye contact with her. Easily one of the best looking girls I've seen in my entire life. Giant brown eyes, gorgeous long dark-brown hair, and a beautiful smile with lips that would make Monroe jealous. We started becoming closer over the months to come, and once I ended a horrible relationship with my ex I was fair game for her. Her and I started dating a few months later right before we went to school.

We broke up last weekend after happily dating for close to three years.
 at a party/large group gathering with some friends in my dorm, he had originally gone cause he liked a mutual friend...but it was really obvious it was love at first sight...for him I met my gf at at a lovely campsite in France (we are both Dutch) where I was staying with my parents and younger brother. We accidently met eachother while doing the dishes. We both were very shy and didnt say much, but the next day I waited untill I saw her going to do the dishes again. So I quickly joined her and asked her if she would want to join us (my parents, younger brother and I) at a square in the village nearby where some french band would be playing that night. So she did. We talked a lot that night and back at the campsite we kissed.  
Two days later she left again with her parents and younger sister. We kept in touch and actually started a relationship. We are more than three years together now and still very happy! 
Sidenote: my younger brother and her younger sister actually started dating a year later and are also still together!  
TL;DR: Sometimes a campsite love actually does pay off! My SO and hero was right under nose. He was my Kung Fu instructor and friend. He made me realize I was a lot stronger and smarter than I thought I was. He was very patient when he helped me get over my fear of being pinned. This was a big deal for me because I had been sexually assaulted 6 years ago. (I can buck and flip over a guy twice my size. Woot! Haha!) After a while I started to become attracted to him and made a move. He responded very positively. It's been the healthiest and most loving relationship I've ever been in. He still dotes and inspires me. I'm unbelievably grateful for that and express my gratitude any way I can. At a karaoke bar.

I was out with some friends, having some drinks and butchering the fuck outta some karaoke. After my song was up, I get back to my seat to find a drink token sitting on the table. Hell yeah, free booze right? My friends and I are trying to figure out where this mystery drink came from, when this tall, dark, deliciously handsome man walks up to introduce himself. 
"Hi, I'm [xxxx] ... And you might think this is weird, but I've been in love with you for the past 4 years."

....Wait, what?

I was managing a local restaurant at the time; he goes on to tell me how he'd stop in just to see if I was working. How he'd written down his number countless times, just to lose the nerve to give it to me, order his food and walk away. His circle of friends all knew he was hopelessly in love with me... and when they saw me at the bar that night, they told him it was pretty much "now or never".

And I had no idea.


We hit it off fantastically, talked for hours, and wound up at his place for the after-party. This was 2 years ago. We've been together ever since that first night, and we are still so much in love, it's sickening. Freshman year of high school. There was a pep rally and I was sitting with my current SO at the time depressed as fuck because he'd done nothing but ignore me since we started going out. Another guy turns around and tries to talk to me but I couldn't hear him over the crowd. I stayed where I was. I didn't think I should be talking to other guys.

Fast forward to that summer. I was single again (SO left me for another girl that has already cheated on him 4 times previoues but that's another story...). There was a festival at my old middle school and I was meeting some friends there. The same guy who had tried to talk to me during the pep rally was there, dating one of my friends at the time. We continued talking through AIM all summer till we both happened to be single at the time. He asked me out and we've been together 7 years now. I found her under a tree. I had just moved to town alone and had nothing to lose, so I said hi.  10 years later, started a family and she's still the best thing that ever happened to me. We were 6, she was by herself playing on the playground. I asked her to play tag with me when no one else would play with her.  We were friends with each other through out grade school and when we got to high school I grew a pair and got out of the friend zone. Been with her for nine years now. I met him in middle school when he moved to Nebraska from California. I had a huge crush on him. In 7th grade I tried telling him I liked him, but he rejected me. I spent a lot of time beating myself up about it, then one day I got a MySpace message from his older brother telling me that when I was 16, he'd probably think I was awesome and feel like a jerk for turning me down. That was enough to lift my spirits, and I got over it.

When I was 16 and a junior in high school, we hung out with the same small group of people. He fell for me and asked me to be his girlfriend. Our 2 year anniversary is on Monday. We worked at a sushi restaurant together.  I met my wife on Napster. She was 13, i was 15. We talked online for 6 years. Met in person. Dated for 6 1/2 years I proposed and then at 7 1/2 years of dating we got hitched. We have been married for almost 2 years now. It's been a process. But interesting and awesome. Who the hell would have thought napster could be a love maker.  We met at school.  

We've been dating for a year and about two months now.  I was working at Blockbuster and he kept coming in to rent Snake Eyes. He spoke zero English, but worked hard to chat with me. We've been married seven years now. I was recruiting bartenders around the area and she was sitting at the bar when I went in. She was arguing with her x trying to patch things up. I was a friend of the bartender, and we both got her to come and visit us @ the bar I worked at. She became a regular, and one thing led to another. We now have a child and a house together. Now I am out of the bar industry and work for a major corporation under her aunt. Very thankful for her being in my life. Couldn't ask for much more.  On Google+ of all places! The Ghost town turned out to be quite a paradise for us! Not necessarily met, but I guess fairly close.
She graduated, I was still in school.
Over the summer, I took a trip to West Virginia. While I was there, she sent me a link to a .gif on reddit (I believe from /r/aww).
Thanks Reddit! She stole my phone number out of my ex girlfriends phone because they got in a fight and wanted to fuck me to make the ex mad. (Apparently still had feelings for me) Been together four years. I was doing a motorcycle track day  at Thunderhill, and she passed me on the outside of turn 3.  It's off-camber, not an easy turn.  I thought I was going fast, but this little RVF400 buzzed by me like I was on a sunday ride.  I spent my off-time scouring the pits for the guy who could negotiate that turn so well, hoping to get some pointers, and to my surprise, the guy was a 46 year-old English woman. Two atheists forced by our parents to go to the Catholic Senior Retreat, the odds are astronomically slim We both took a psychology class that neither of us needed and she sat next to me. The rest is history! Was going with my roommate to meet some of her friends at a beer garden. My roommate and I had been out all day and were tired and didn't really want to go but felt obligated and said when one of us wanted to go home we'd go. It started raining so the meet-up was moved to some guy's apartment nearby---he was a friend of a friend of my roommate's friends---and we'd just have a party there instead.

The host of the party and I completely hit it off. He was genuine, funny, we made each other laugh, we flirted, we talked seriously---just the best. Lots of butterflies in my stomach and blushing. 

A couple of hours into the party a big group decided to take a walk to get more beer, and when we reached a subway stop my roommate decided she wanted to go home all of a sudden. I had to go with her, so I had to say good-bye to the guy without getting his last name, phone number, anything (and too many people were around and the whole decision/exchange was too quick for us to have that convo). 

I got home that night and friended everyone I had met that I could find through my roommate's Facebook friends and wrote on their walls things like "Nice to meet you!" in hopes of him seeing it (I had no idea who he knew at the party and how that chain led back to my roommate). He stalked me equally and we eventually found each other on Facebook and he asked me out! 

5 years later, now we live together!  OKC Through reddit, actually. Noob chat in league of legends. My SO and me were set up by our sisters that are friends and live in Seattle (We live in Utah) They got talking one day and set us up on a blind date, we had a date set up for friday and she texted me on tuesday and asked what I was doing, I thought she wanted to hang out but I was trying to lose a few pounds at the time and said I was going to the gym to go swimming. I felt like I should be courteous and invite even though I knew she wouldn't wanna go. She ended up going and now we have been married for 2 weeks!  He sat in front of me at Sharks games for 3 years. I was otherwise attached. As soon as I wasn't, he noticed immediately and the rest is history! Met him at church camp in 2002. We've been married since 2009. I had a class with her one semester and never said a word to her, she sat behind me and everything. A year later surprisingly, I have her in my class again, so I pursued her and asked her out. Been together for 2+ years. He was my (married-at-the-time) TA in college. 7 years later we reconnected and bam, sparks, fireworks, etc.  I was at a college halloween party drunk on tequila and he was dressed up as Magic Mike, I thought he was gay, asked if he was single and tried to set him up with my gay friend. He refused and proceeded to truly convince me of his heterosexuality..;) Met my wife on Plenty Of Fish.  This one time, at band camp...

Seriously. Summer of 1980, we were 16.  We didn't "get together" until 25 years later.  Married 7 years now. Christianmingle.com  

No, but seriously in a bar doing N'Sync Karaoke.    We spent a night quoting stand up comedy at each other as our other friends tried to hook up a new couple. Swim team in High School on a military base in Germany. She was the only red head in school and unbelievably hot in a swim suit.  I threw up on him. Reposted from /r/askgaybros 

Browsing /r/gaymersgonewild and I see this incredibly sexy guy on there.  I click on his username and bam, he has a lot more pics!  I basically slobbered over them for quite some time.  I comment on his post and then send him a PM.  He responds and we soon trade e-mails.  We keep talking for quite a while.  I was busy studying for the MCAT so I kinda got sidetracked.  Then, while on Reddit again, I get the red-orange envelope.  I click it and it's a PM from Mr. Sexy.  He says that I'd probably like his new post.  I do.  We decide to Skype and do naughty things.  We keep talking and we fall in love.  Now, I have the world's best boyfriend, and it's all thanks to Reddit.  :) I've been with my boyfriend for 4 years, and this is the question I most dread people asking. 

I met him on Chat-Avenue, in the Music chat room, when I was 15 years old. He was 18, he had a girlfriend, and he was charming as fuck. Shortly after, he and his girlfriend broke up, and I eventually got him to talk to me about it. He proceeded to tell me about his love interests for the next 6 months or so. All the while, I was falling stupid in love with him - some guy on the Internet I'd never even met. Eventually, I confessed this to him.  

About 1.5 years after we met online, after many hours of MSN chatting and phone calls, he visited me in Las Vegas. He's from Ohio. We stayed in a hotel together for one week, and the last day of that week I became his girlfriend. We did the long-distance thing for two years, visiting every time I had a break from school, and I hauled my ass to Ohio for college. 

That was two years ago, and we currently live together with a cat and a puppy. xD  This pub crawl me and my girlfriends were taking part in began at a local strip club called Diamonds. So as we sat in "perverts row" (the chairs closest to the strippers, we were throwing loonies at twats) and a man, my SO's best friend started to hit on me and introduced me to my current SO (who is his boss) . We have been together since. 7.5 years!  Both varsity athletes. Went to a bar with our teams. She made a move and asked what's in a yagrbomb, full well knowing what it was. I didn't pick up the hint and after hitting the dancefloor she came up to me again. We decided making out drunkenly was a good idea.

Proud of catching the perfect woman for me At Starbucks courtesy of one of my best friends. Funny enough, we both thoroughly disliked each other as I had been sleeping with her best friend previously and she considered me a tattooed "bro", and I thought she was a total geek with her stupid bandana and prissy attitude (albeit an exceptionally attractive geek). 

Needless to say, she happened to mention she watches Big Brother, and me being an enormous closet fan, agreed it was awesome...and love could no longer be held back. Three years later, we are planning the rest of our lives together! When I was younger I used to use the Compare Hotness app on facebook where you basically choose whether men (or women) are hot or not. Just for the fun of it! I rated my now partner as hot and got a message from him within the next few minutes of rating him. Fast forward a few months we finally met up with each other and we've now been together for 5 years and are happily engaged! Best. App. Ever. Plus, he was the first man who didn't ask to suck my toes, smell my hair or guilt trip me with kittens! I actually met my wife on a dating website (www.plentyoffish.com) when it was free. We met a couple weeks after talking on the phone. Got engaged six months after that. Married 6 months after that. First kid 9 months after that (I was hoping for a little more practice but .... I guess i'm a pro). It's been 5 years and three kids later. I've known him since I was 15, he was my boyfriend at the times friend. 

So a few years after douche and I broke up I get a random call from future SO and his buddies that I was also friend with.. They wanted a place to party and crash... I had just been ditched by my sister and girl friend so I said " I know you guys are just using me but I'm bored, lonely and pissed off so come on over." They drove forty five minutes to come over. Id known and been around these guys for years and it was wonderful to hangout with them and them not have the pressure of me putting them in a horrible situation by asking if douchey was cheating. 

One thing leads to the other and future SO and I cuddle all night and make out. I was swooning!! Four years later and we're still together and I couldn't be happier. 

In case you want to know douche got a girl pregnant and is still a miserable piece of shit. :) 
 My husband threw a rock at me from across the park while I was in a drum circle mourning* the death of Jerry Garcia.  He and his skinhead brothers thought it would be hilarious to go down to the park and throw rocks at the hippies that would most certainly be there.  (I've since heard that they had a blast)

Cut to 10 years later: I'm at a bar with a bunch of friends from out of town who I never get to see.  I'm drinking and laughing and taking a ton of pictures.  With the flash.  In a dark bar.  I was blissfully unaware that I was drawing the attention of every single person that wanted to drown their sorrows in the dark each time I pushed the button.  

Eventually I noticed a fellow at the bar that was starting at me with a scowl on his face.  I realize what I've been doing has been particularly irritating to everyone except me and my friends and proceed to cut the shit.  He keeps staring, though.  Total creeper.

So there's this big scary dude staring me down across the bar for, what I think is, snapping my flash more than is reasonable.  So, what does a young HobbKat do?  Takes. His. Fucking. Picture.

So he immediately walks over to me and I'm thinking to myself, "ohshitwhatdidyoujustdoyoufuckingidiot?!?!?"  And THEN I realize that I know this guy.  This is that douchtard that threw a rock at me so many years ago.  "Ohgreatyoufuckingmoronyou'vereallydoneitnow."

He walks right up to me with this goofy smile and says, "Hi, I'm SkinheadWhoThrowsRocks."  

My reply?  "I know who the fuck you are, what do you want?"  And there I am staring at him thinking to myself, "didyoujustgivethisbigangryskinheadATTITUDE?!?!"

"Uh, just your number.  I'm sorry?"

At which point I realized that he was pretty handsome and I'd better start being nice.  It turns out that his neutral expression is a scowl and he was staring at me because he thought I was pretty.

We've been married for 6 years now.

*mourning = getting high Taking her by surprise, I jumped on her back, rode her to the frozen ground (winter in Canada), got off, then said "another few seconds and you would've been pregnant".

But how we actually ended up together is an even better story... We had already known each, but never have spoken really. 

He was my childhood friend's older brother, so we were neighbors for good while. 

I had just taken two shots, and was about to take molly with a random hippie at a music festival. On the search for water, he walks past me, and I just push him to face me, excited to see someone I know. 

He later admitted he didnt know who I was until 30 minutes later.  Nine years ago, working at target. She broke up with me seven years ago, but I still think about her everyday. I was playing in  a street fighter tournament at an anime convention. She was a friend of a friend who I never really met. She was cosplaying chun-Li and has asked if I would teach her how to play. We've been together 3 years now We were 12 and met in high school. Never had anything in common other than our best friends, so we would constantly see each other but weren't friends. She also claims to have had a crush on me at first sight though. I had also groped her boobs one time in gym class... but it was totally an accident! We were playing soccer and her boobs just kind of went for my hand...

Anyhow, high school ended and we moved on. About 5 years later, I start hanging out with a few of my friends, through whom I meet my old high school best friend and start hanging out with him again. Through him, I meet his friend, who is the brother of my SO's best friend, and who was also my friend. So I start hanging out with this girl a lot because she was the only one into hockey and we'd always play... and one day, on her birthday, while I am at her house, my SO calls her to wish her a happy birthday. My friend tells her that I am here and we all decide to hang out since we haven't all went out together since high school.

The rest was history...

TLDR: Met in high school but nothing happened, then lost contact with everyone. 5 years after high school, met her through the sister of a friend of a friend of a friend and we hit it off. We both went to a youtube meet-up for SMPFilms and Katers17, he remembers seeing me there, I don't remember seeing him. For our first 'date' we went back to the same spot that we met on top of the Trafalgar Sq. statue in London :) She invited me to a LAN party via email on May 28, 2010. I had an online BFF for almost 8 years. I used to live in another city and we had just seen each other irl like 3 times. One day we heard that there would be a Muse concert at her city and I said I was definitely going. She told me that if I wanted I could stay at her place and I said yes. When I arrived to her place I saw this cute guy's head popping out of a door asking my friend if she had bought his cigarrettes. She said "Oh fuck bro, I forgot, sorry!!!" I saw him like "mmmmm hello there" and he just saw me unimpressed and said "Ok, good night" and then closed the door (I just thought "what a prick"). Next day we had some beers and I finally had the courage to talk to him and he was still as if I didn't exist. I was so fuckin mad that I almost left, when he grabbed me, kissed me and said "You'll be here the next 3 days... would you be my girlfriend? We won't do anything you don't want, I promess."
That happened 3 years ago and we're still a couple, and we're planning to moving in together. (Oh I forgot to say that I was offered a really nice job and I had to move to this city. Oh, the destiny...) match.com. Married over 7 years now :)
 camgirl website I met my fiance my senior year of high school. I had a MASSIVE crush on him, but he didn't seem interested. I liked his personality a lot so we became really good friends. We briefly dated a few years later when he revealed he'd always had a crush on me too, but I was young and stupid and ended it. We remained friends and I was engaged to someone else for a while before I realized that person was all wrong for me. My fiance and I started dating again shortly after that and we're getting married next summer! She was working at a clothing store.  I needed some clothes for work.  She was cute; so I figured what the hell- I turned on the charm and asked her to help me put some outfits together.  She did we flirted a bit and she asked me where I was going after I purchased the clothes... I used this cheesy line I saw on Reddit a few months earlier--

"a date, but all I have to do is get the girl to say yes"...

She told me I should just ask her-- so I did...she said yes-- and we have been together for over a year.  I didn't really like the clothes she picked out-- but let's not tell her that part. Met her at a chicken wing taste competition in my small town. After a couple of dates I found out she was born and raised and living about 2 miles from me, where I was also born and raised.

Even though we're 4 years apart, I was surprised that I hadn't seen her face or recognized her name before we met --- even in a school of 500 students 7-12.

8 years in now :) Not me but my parents always deserve a nod for this.

My dad went to a military college and was a bad seed. Always had to stand guard at the gate. One faithful day his best friend was bringing his girlfriend to see the barracks, and she happened to bringing her sister along for the ride. Some underclassman started hitting on the sister in front of my dad. My dad walked up and said she was his girlfriend and to stop. They apologized and ran off. When the sister turned to thank him and asked why he did it his response was, "Cause we will get married someday babe." Had to add the wink for good effect. That nice sister was my mom. The proposal is also pretty smooth also, keep in mind three months later. My dad got wasted and told my mom she'd make a hot general's wife someday. That seems to be speak for yep marriage time.

Wish I was that smooth. That bastard. Band camp. Seriously. 

We were both in the drumline at our university, became good friends, started dating 3 years later and married 3 years after that. 

Save the American Pie jokes. I assure you, I've heard them all.  Probably buried, but I've been waiting to brag on this for a long time....

I BROKE THE FRIENDZONE!


.....and 17 months later she dumped me :(
But we're still friends lol I was just sitting at home one day, bored as hell, when my friend called and told me her boyfriend had someone he wanted me to meet. I hadn't even met her bf yet, she had just started dating him after knowing him for years. So at this point I'm skeptical but I'm lonely and figure what the hell? So I go over to her house and her bf and his friend come over for dinner. He seems like a nice guy, really funny and has a cute smirk. My friend and her bf are all over each other on the other couch. I'm sitting with this guy, slowly getting my hand closer to his, seeing if he'll hold it and he never does. So at the end of the night her boyfriend says "You should give him your number." So I do. And then when we're saying goodbye her bf hugs me and I hold my hand out to shake his friend's and he says, "Do I get a hug?" I say, "Do you want a hug?" He says yes so I give him one, and we say goodnight. We end up texting and facebook stalking each other all night. The next day he shows up at my work and wants to take me to lunch. We end up going back to his place and he leaves hickeys all down my neck. I got teased constantly about them. 5 days after we met I had a cold, and he brought me soup and he just said, "So should we make this Facebook official?" And I laughed and said yes. 3 years later, we're engaged! I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with him. 

Oh and my friend and her bf lasted a week. He is now dating my new best friend.  I was on a tour in the United Kingdom. When I got on to the tour bus one morning I saw a cute red haired girl sitting on her own. I sat down next to her, and we talked and really hit it off. I sat next to her again the next day, and that night we got quite drunk and ended up going back to the hotel together. This continued for the rest of the tour, and the morning the tour ended we took the train back to London together to enjoy one last day together before saying goodbye. Due to my poor planning, I ended up spending another night in London, during which we met up again. We realized we we're ready to say goodbye forever, and decided to give long distance a go. 4 months and a few visits in, and we couldn't be happier We were on a southern plantation for a biology lab. This kid started talking to me about how hot other women were and then wouldn't leave me a lone the rest of the field trip. Magically together 2 years later. He drew a sperm on my notes in high school algebra. He's a romantic one. A millenial, internet age love story:

Back in the day when the internet was still getting its sea legs, I had a super awesome geocities web page about myself complete with spinning, blinky GIFs and a sweet hit counter. He found my page and signed my guest book saying he went to the same school. We exchanged AIM screen names, got to talking and really it it off (Good thing the internet was safe back then, right?). IMing lead to hours and hours on the phone before we decided to meet for a sort of blind date. What movie did I pick for our first date? Oh you know, Tom Green's Freddie Got Fingered. The best date movie EVER! I was genuinely surprised he called me again after that. 

12.5 years later and he still brings up my terrible choice in movies :)  Kids, there are many stories of how i met your mother. Mutual friends knew we would dig each other. I was out at a bar, she yelled "I just want to make out with someone!!!".  I stopped in my tracks, walked over, extended my hand and said "Hi, I'm canigetayadude".  We made out.

still making out 2 years later. I was a chef, she was the hostess. Classic restaurant move.
 I met him at the Cherry Blossom Festival that his high school was hosting. He was there selling chocolate and manning the doors to the gym. We spent the whole evening staring at each other from across the room, and passing by each other in hallways until finally he came up to me to introduce himself and tell me how cute I was. We spent the whole night just sitting there at his candy stand talking and laughing. All the while he kept staring at me.. I don't know how to describe it. It was like one of those deep stares that make people feel admired or something. I was obviously mesmerized lol

After the festival was over, my mom and dad came to pick me up and he introduced himself to both of them. When I got home, he called me and we stayed up until 3 or 4 in the morning talking. It was pretty much decided that we were eventually going to date.

Now almost 3 and half years later, he still looks at me the same way he did the night we met. And I'm still not over it :) We sat beside each other in grade 9 science class. I tried talking to him, but he ignored me. He later told me it was due to his fear of girls.

We are both graduating university this year :) She was the hot/cool bartender at my favorite bar.  Now she's gonna have my baaaaby. Myspace. That was back when you just added anyone you thought was cute, whether they were actually your friend in real life or not. So I added this pretty blonde that was from my city. I got her AIM and we made the small talk for about a year or 2. 

Finally met on 4th of July to watch fireworks. Over the course of the next 2 months we hung out, went to amusement parks, movies, but we knew things weren't going anywhere because she was going away to college in the fall. Even though she wasn't going far (~40 miles) we knew nothing could realistically work so we just had as much fun as we could. Throughout her freshmen year I went to visit, we saw each other from time to time, had "dates" but things just remained status quo. We tried the whole BF/GF thing for about a month, but that was a disaster.

Over the next 5 years or so we talked from time to time, saw each other once or twice, and things remained friendly. There has always been a spark between us, something different then any other girl I've ever met. She was always in the back of my head; my mind would always wander back to her. But timing and location was just never right, so things never really developed.

This past July, one evening when I was slightly drunk, I sent her a message on Facebook. She was in Germany for a year doing some kind of student exchange and I knew she was coming home soon.  I don't even remember exactly what I said in the message (I've since deleted my Facebook) but I let it be known that I still cared for her and that I missed her. A few days later she texted me and we started hanging out when she returned to the States.

This is the first time we were both single and in the same city at the same time. It seemed as though things were finally starting to line up for us. I've seen her more in the past 3 months then the 6 previous years I've known her. But this story isn't finished being written yet. The stars haven't aligned, at least not yet. She doesn't know where she wants to be or what she wants to do but shes pretty sure she doesn't want to be here. I, on the other hand, basically have to be here. This is where my family is and hopefully where my career will be.

I can't predict the future but I know our story isn't done. We are going on a weekend vacation together this weekend and I don't know whats going to happen there but I have a good feeling. This is the kind of girl that you just KNOW your supposed to be with. Hopefully, 5 years from now, I can come back to this thread and point to this post and tell everyone how right I was! 9 months ago I was feeling lonely and decided to give online dating a shot. I don't remember how i found /r/r4r but I saw my city and decided to give it a shot. His post was asking for a movie buddy and I thought it would be harmless and fun, because who doesn't like movies? We meet up, ate pizza, and went to see Hansel and Gretel, the worst movie ever.  9 months later, he's the best movie buddy, despite my horrible taste in movies, and the greatest thing I've found on reddit so far!

Thanks Reddit!  Went on a white-water rafting trip with the canoe club from my university. Hung out during the day and got on really well. Hooked up at the party that night been together since. Oh and I was dressed as Buttercup the green powerpuff girl. I was reffing her soccer game, she tried to kick the ball and completely wiped out, to make it worse she fell on it with her hands so i had to call a handball on her while trying not to laugh. I asked her later if she was ok and 2 years later I still make fun of her for it every time i go to her soccer games. Chatroulette! accidentally... We met on OkCupid and it been great ever since.  I'm still madly in love with her though we aren't together anymore, but I met her at my apartment. 

She was the best friend of a girl who I suppose really liked me, the moment she spoke to me I fell in love with her personality and looks. Then we all danced in my room. Was talking to a friend on facebook and she invited me over. She told her roommates I was going to visit. One of her roommates asked if I was cute and single. Thank god I'm cute and was single.  I started going to the climbing gym with a friend from work.  One day he calls me and says, "Hey, want to go climbing today?  There'll be a single girl there."

I show up and we start climbing.  The girl and my friend's father show up (they're climbing partners).  After climbing for a bit, my friend suggests that we should all switch climbing partners, so her and I start climbing together and it goes really well.

When we were done climbing, my friend says, "Hey, we should all exchange phone numbers so that we can climb together again."  So I get her phone number, and call her up a couple days later.  We climb, then go for dinner, then go to a movie.  Later that week we went on an "official" date.

I met her family within two weeks of that.  It'll be one year at the end of this month and we're already engaged. Met her on the "hot or not" app that was on Myspace.  I don't remember if that's the correct name of it or not, but that was the basic idea of it.

Shows you a random picture of a girl (or guy, depending on what you clicked) and you click "hot"", "not", or "pass".  Her picture came up, I clicked hot.  She got the notification and we started chatting, met up a few weeks later and we've been together for 5 years now.  We met at work and became good friends because he is the nicest guy I have ever met and is generally fun to be around. We both had other SO's so we got comfortable around each other without any kind of weirdness. We helped each other go through rough break ups and remained friends for a bit. One day we're hanging out watching movies and he looks at me and says, "So, I'm really attracted to you, and I am tired of pretending that I'm not." BAM. Awesome relationship.  I got my honey where I made my money. Our mutual friends set us up. He was hot, so I thought, Ok I'll meet him. Apparently he felt the same way, and we're coming up on our 3rd anniversary.  Was on the audition panel for a musical. She got the part, and I got her.  A little late to the party but here goes. 

I met her when I was still a junior in high school, I was playing minecraft with another friend, who we'll call Hayden because that was his name, and she was also on the server playing with us. A few months later Hayden introduced her to the general group of friends and we all got along with her.


As time went on I started to have feelings for her and wanted to ask her out on a date, but I also realized at that time that my friend, Hayden, also obviously liked her too so I backed off seeing as he did know her first and I wanted to be a good friend. Sure enough a few weeks later he announced they were going out. They went out over the course of about nine months, and during this time it became really obvious to myself and my other friends that Hayden was being very controlling of their relationship (wouldn't let her be around us outside of school, always demanded she hang out with him, would get angry at her if she didn't do what he wanted, etc. etc.) and many times we thought it would be a good idea to intervene and get her out of it but we were all unsure of how she felt so we sat back.


Finally one day I stepped up and told my current SO that she needed to get out of the relationship and that Hayden was clearly a bad person. She pretty much broke up with him then and there but was still pretty distraught about the whole thing. I tried to be there to comfort her for weeks and help her get through it during which time she told me all the details about that relationship and how awful it was, it basically being a verbally abusive and gaslighting heavy relationship where he would convince her that she was completely useless and the biggest problem of the relationship, while also going on about how they were going to get married one day and have kids, and that she would try to not upset him and tried over nine months to fix their relationship herself cause she believed that she was the problem. 


One day when we were hanging out watching game of thrones, me and her started getting flirty with each other and she told me she liked me, I told her I had liked her for about a year and asked her out to which she happily agreed.

We've been together for about eight months now and are still going strong. Invited girl I liked from work to our before the party christmas party, all the other losers that I invited was just cover and could really suck my dick. She ended up doing that instead, cause she's awesome.

Also there was alcohol involved and some things happened inbetween.

Moral of story: Get really drunk and great things happen. My roommate took me to her boyfriend's house one night and my (now SO) was there &amp; we spent the entire night drinking, dancing and singing to Dispatch ("Flying Horses," "The General," and "Two Coins" mostly). The next day we started getting to know each other and a short while later here we are!

Edit: I also heard from my roommate that when I left that night he told her I was his "reach girl" *swoons* He's more than I could have ever imagined for myself. He is the friend of my best friend's husband from school. 

The night in questions was her birthday, I got quite intoxicated and repeatedly ran up to him and several other people stating very matter-of-factly, "Bitches!"

Obviously it was a huge success, I mean...why WOULDN'T it be? We met online when I was 16. I had a boyfriend at the time, but he was determined to date me. I remembered the moment I knew I loved him was only 2 days into us talking when he requested I text him as soon as I wake up, because he doesn't want to spend another moment without me. He spent nearly 2 weeks texting me constantly and telling me what a jerk the guy I was dating was (he wasn't wrong.) Eventually, I stopped making excuses for a guy who couldn't care less about me and moved onto a new person who really cared. The only problem in our relationship was distance. He lived in Texas and I lived in Wisconsin. We ended up dating for about a year before he made his first visit and I was so happy with him that he ended up coming up every 2 months. Eventually, after 6 months and 3 visits my mom agreed to let him move in with us despite that I was 17 and he was 18. When I turned 18, we moved to Texas for a bit, but that was short lived. He liked living in Wisconsin better. So, we move back. I'm now 19 and were engaged. We have our own apartment and it's lovely being with him everyday. I wouldn't want to send another day without him.
Tl;DR: Met him online. He moved to be with me been together 3 years and engaged.  I could sit here and tell you my whole story about how I lost my boyfriend to suicide and if you want to know please feel free to ask, I am very open and it actually helps me to talk about it. Unfortunately, I do not have the time or mood to write right now. Suicide is a huge problem and no one talks about it, I am doing my part this month by joining his friends and family in a prevention walk. I am asking you rich and bored redditers/redditors? idk... to donate and share my page. I know this doesnt change much for me but the thought that some of this money could potentially save someones life is what matters to me. He was only 24 years old and everything was going great (or so I thought) He was a bit obsessed with Batman, played drums, worked 5-6 days a week climbing cell phone towers, just received a raise and a higher position in his company, we just moved in a house together and I thought it was the beginning to our new life together. He was a great guy and deff did not deserve to feel the way he did. I am reaching out to anyone to help honor his life and to show his family how much his life can still make an impact on this world. Please donate or share. There is a picture of us on this page as well as a slideshow and a link to a great organization. http://afsp.donordrive.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=donordrive.participant&amp;participantID=501243 Met in our maths class, and got talking. Then I invited myself around to his house to watch the League of Legends S2 finals with him, and hit it off from there, been together almost a year and never been so happy in my life :)  Doing volunteer work. We worked together. She joined after me and the first time i saw her i was like damn she is hot, too hot, ill never be able to get with her or anything but she sure looks good. Then one day we were assigned to work together for a few hours. We talked small talk and when the shift was over i said fuck it and asked if she wanted to go play pool that night. She said it sounded like fun and asked for my number. So i gave it to her, but i was too nervous and gave her my moms number instead...didnt realize it until after she left. She ended up calling me and saying my mom gave my number to me. It was so embarasing, especially since i was 22 years old at the time. Fastforward almost 4 years, we are getting married in march. OKCupid, actually.  She's a hot female version of me!  Likes video games, Doctor Who, BSG, and live music.  Winner winner chicken dinner. We met on minecraft, actually. I filled his house with obsidian and he got pissed.
We're going on 10 months now, and despite the distance I couldn't be happier! OkCupid. It'll be 2 years in February. :) We are both actors...we met in theatre in college.  ....Well, I was born with my right hand. Since then we've been attached at the wrist. Alright, story time!

Some things you should know first: I live in Denmark. I'm not sure what class-grades correlate to which in the US/UK/Whatever, so I'll give my best guess. Currently, I'm 17 and attending the equivalent of... College, I guess.

Now then, the story begins in 10th grade. I'm 16, moved to a boarding school in a little town for this 10th grade and thought life was pretty awesome. During the first days, we had some common activities for some shake-together things and it was all very nice.

However, I kept noticing this one girl. She had a gothic/lolita sort of style going on and she looked really cheerful and happy.

My heart fluttered, my mind went spinning and hormones raged through my teenage body. I was in love.

So the days after, all the pupils go to their respective lines of study (whatever you call it) and I thought I'd have no chance of talking with the girl. I arrive just before we begin, and lo and behold, there's the lovely girl!

My heart flutters, my mind went spinning yadda yadda.

So time goes on, we become friends (we were only about 140 in total on the school, divided in 6 lines. We were about 20 on my line, so everyone was friends with everyone, pretty much), start talking more.

I find out she already has a boyfriend.

My heart crashes, my mind stops spinning but you can't stop hormones.

We talk more, I find out that it's a long-distance after she moved to the boarding school and it isn't holding up well anyway. One day, she asks me and some of the girls if we can talk somewhere a bit secluded. We all find a place, and she sort of asks what you should say to someone when you want to break up with them. The group talks a bit, and eventually she leaves for her room.

My heart flutters, bla bla bla.

A few days pass, I keep being nice to her, we still talk and I catch drift that she and her boyfriend broke up.

My h- You know what, I'll just write "heart" now.

Over a few months, we get closer and closer, clearly hinting to each other that we like the other, but never really acting on it. Autumn vacation (1 week in october) rolls around and she has to go to a scout-camp thingy for the whole week. Sure, whatever, that's fine.

I plan on talling her how I really feel after the vacation.

Fast forward 1 week, I drop a few hints about it, but she keeps rejecting me.

Anti-heart.

So after a few weeks of this, I decide to confront her about it. Why are you rejecting me? I thought we had something going? What's wrong?

Turns out she was charmed by some dude at the scout-camp who was a real smooth criminal or whatever.

However, the fact that I confronted her seemed to make her realize how stupid she was. She admitted that she didn't really like him, she liked me much more, etc. etc.

Heart.

So I tell her that I'll happily wait for her. I'll wait as long as it takes.

*Her* heart.

Fast forward a bit more, she breaks up with the dude, her and I become a couple and we are having our 10-month anniversary tomorrow where nothing is going to happen.

And that's how I met my SO. Pokemon VGc 2010. 3+ years and still going! Oh, our story is romantic, so I have to share.

I posted a photo of myself on 4chan on /soc/ for the first time in some sort of "what are you drinking" thread. I was bored. 

He commented that he could have sworn I was Irish. I said thanks because I think Irish girls are quite lovely. He replied, "Meh. Irish girls are dogs."

It was love at first type. 

More than a year and an ocean later.... He's stuck with me. :3 Walking by in a park and she did a cartwheel that kicked me in the head. Going on 2 1/2 years now.  Omelet. I met my so off okcupid. My first message had to do with my little pony.

Then it took a couple of days but I got her phone number. We talked about video games. We both love Binding of Isaac!! We stayed up talking on the phone like teenagers.

After a couple of weeks... We meet. She is awesome.

Second meeting I go to her apartment. She has all the classic game systems. 

And... It just keeps getting better! Almost a year now! League of Legends, couples of the future unite. My wife and I met working at a summer camp. We both attended the camp for 11 years and never met, but then fell for each other once we joined the staff.  My husband at the time posted a craigslist ad for a threesome without me knowing about it. My now SO replied to the ad, trolling my ex husband, pretending to be a girl for the threesome. I didn't know about any of this. We had just moved to a new place and I had no friends there. My then husband said, "hey, I met a girl I think you could be friends with." Being a stupid naive and submissive wife, I wholeheartedly started chatting with this "girl" online. We stopped talking after awhile. Fast forward 3 years after I first met this "girl" I'm divorced from my husband and I get a message from this person, I eventually find out the whole story. I was pretty upset at first because I truly and naively believed I was talking to a female who was a friend of mine. Now I think it's pretty hilarious. My ex-husband has no idea. My SO and I have been together 5 years and have 2 children together.  Internet chat. AOL chat room. This doesnt date me at all does it? Homeschool japanese class.

 Plenty of Fish UK: 

He said he liked Red Dwarf, so I asked him if he'd rather be Lister or Rimmer. He said Lister, we started chatting online, then texting, then he drove to my house and took me out. We started dating, and our first official date was a metal gig. That was 22/07/2011. 

2 years, 4 weeks later we got married, then we went to a metal festival and had our handfasting with one of the bands we saw at our first gig there :)  I shit you not... My roommates are twin brothers and one buys goofy stuff for his brother all the time. He bought him a shake-weight for his bday.

Being the goofy person I was, I decided it needed to be brought with us to the beach vacation we were about to go on. My roommate's girlfriend told me to take it to the beach because girls will laugh about it. So I was walking down the beach and this really cute girl comes up and asks me why I have a shakeweight. I brush it off with a "Why not?" answer... turns out that was her motto for her vacation since she was bummed about an ex that cheated on her. 

We wind up hanging out a few times during vacation and continue talking after vacation ended. Wound up in the same city. Significantly strange I believe. Oddly enough, not the internet.  Most ex's I've met over the internet in some way or another.

She was visiting some friends at the track (her ex, with his new gf). When I say track, I mean a private road course with all the lefts, rights, ups and downs. I was there instructing and helping direct the event.  We were introduced and I said, "wanna go for a ride?"  I took the keys to the new gf's car and took her for a spin.  There was only a little bit of random conversation in small bits for the next few hours since I was busy out there.

That night or the next day, I got her email and contacted her.  She wasn't the best at responding to emails within a week or so, but after a week and a half or two, we chatted on FB, and talked about meeting up for dinner.  Me, being so indecisive, and she saying, "let's go here."  By then, it was 10:30 or 11pm in the middle of the week.  We chatted for a long time, and that was that.  She still tells it as our first non-date-date, since I was so indecisive.

We've been together for about five and a half years now.  She takes her car to the track every now and then, we go karting and she's getting faster and faster each time.  I've also had her drive in Chump &amp; LeMons races as well.  She learns quickly. Meetup.com, showed up to a single's mixer Zombie Pub Crawl. I was advertising for one that I run in my hometown (Basically out drinking on a Wednesday, walking up to people and telling them to come). Her friend was my waitress earlier that night at dinner, so it was easy to go up and say hi. We hit it off. Been together 2 years on Wednesday. 

Just go up and say hi. It's always worked for me. It sounds terrible when summed up in a single sentence, but we met on a street corner.

I was having a terrible night because, after a friend ditched me when we were supposed to go dancing, I ended up being the designated driver for a coworker's birthday celebration, and that young man annoys me. 

So I'm standing on a street corner in a beautiful GA college town waiting for the light to change, and I see out of the corner of my eye a sexy guy. So I turn towards him, nod my head, and say:

Me: 'Sup?

Him: Uh, hi... do I know you?

Me: No.

Him: Oh, well, then, hello! *big smile*

Me: So, what? If I had known you, you'd say, "Fuck you."?

Him: Pretty much.

And then we crossed the street together. He was adorable, intelligent, just my type... And as we parted ways, he gave me his phone number, so I could decide whether to call him.

I texted him later that night. The next day, he texted to ask if he could call me (gotta love 'dem southern manners!). And as soon as he got off work (10pm), he drove 2 hours to meet me for an impromptu date. The only thing open was Waffle House. We talked til 5 in the morning and had a really amazing kiss. On a party island raft at he lake! He claims I kept squeezing his arm. I don't even recall speaking to him. He also claims we got horizontal on the first date- I declare falsities! At any rate, 5 years later I wish we were living on our own private party island.... We both had an off hour second period, so we'd go to the library and talk. You could say we had Chemistry together. 

(Best class ever) I've known them pretty much all my life. Yep, me and my right hand have been through a lot together I met him at a small concert. The brief encounter we had became a joke between a few friends of mine all night just making fun of the idiot we met earlier. He asked me out formally a week later and now we live together. He doesn't mind that I'm an asshole. Xpeeps. Went to a pool party for my friends birthday. Saw her in a swimsuit and I had to ask her out. Haaaave you met ted? Met him at a party his roommate was hosting at their house. It was all an elaborate scheme just so that the roommate could try and ask out my friend that invited me to said party. SO and I hit things off, and my friend told the roommate that she was a lesbian. He still feels a little bitter about that.  Halloween party, 1st year anniversary coming up, woop woop! Me and my wife lived a mile from each other and went to the same high school in PA for three years and never met. We met 2 years after graduation in San Diego. Didn't actually start dating till the week after I got back from the military 3 years later.  I had fixed her computer through recommendations of a mutual friend. I had been looking for a relationship for a while with no such luck.

She was super nice and sweet, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I messaged her later "following up" asking her if everything was still working. Then asked her out to dinner. 

She said sure, and here we are 1 year later. :)  eHarmony.

Engaged after 18 months, married after 30 months, happily married for over 2 years now. Cat, dog, house, carpool to work, working on starting our family.

So cliché it kinda disgusts me. But we're happy. She came up to me and tosseled my hair. Some artist friends and I put together a booth selling our work at the Cincinnati Comicon in September. On the first day, two guys walk up to our booth and start chatting with my friend. I'm introduced to both the guys and instantly we start talking about our mutual love of Adventure Time, Pokemon and random video games. The three of us stood around talking for what feels like hours, so we decide we're now best friends and go get Chinese food together.

A week or so later, one of the guys is talking to me on Facebook chat and somehow we end up jokingly planning our "Pokemon wedding" together. A few days later, he asks me out on a date. I go, we have an ok time, but he stops asking me to hang out so I drop it and get over it.

While all this is going on, there's the other guy. We had been hanging out 1 on 1 a lot, playing Mario Kart and watching Disney movies.. you know, friendship things. Even when he invites me to meet his entire family, I'm still thinking "oh, he probably does this all time, cause his family is huge and cool and welcomes guests." 

Towards the end of the night, we're alone in a tower in his house that overlooks the Ohio river. He tells me he's liked me since we met, he just didn't want to say anything because of the friend. I tell him I've liked him the entire time too. We laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation. He held my hand for the first time last night while we watched Hercules. 

TLDR; dated the wrong nerd first, corrected the situation. It's adventure time. Reddit, stop saying "SO" just because everyone else does so.
 After months of reeling from a painful breakup I decided I needed a casual rebound fling to help me move on. Fell madly in love with my rebound's best friend and we've been together four years. Makes me agree with the notion that some people enter your life for a reason, even those who seem insignificant at the time. When SO and I get hitched, rebound (who remains close friends with SO, despite some awkwardness when we all hang out together) will get a special shout out at our wedding. 
 Moved across the country during my senior year and 2 months after the move a girl named Tasha told me that her friend Kaitlin was crying because she was going to fail a statistics lab write up. Went to her and we wrote it together. We never stopped talking since and now it's two years later. Absolutely love the girl she is such a sweetheart.  We met on an internet forum for a video game series. It started off with some light-hearted flirtation, followed by us both being too shy to actually PM each other to talk to each other so we just crushed on each other for about a year and half. 

Then one day, one member on the forum was asking some questions about Minecraft and I had answered them. My SO noticing I have Minecraft learned how to set up and run a server and started a forum server for Minecraft in a guise to get me to join and talk to me. And I had joined because I wanted to talk to him. That followed with more light-hearted flirting, making things in disguise as "Secret Admirers", chatting for hours on end mining obsidian, and sitting by a waterfall an hour after I typically go to bed chatting with him still.

The day after Easter, this guy I used to have feelings for had contacted me out of the blue. He had previously had tried to use me because of my feelings for him, so I was pretty wary despite him apologizing for it previously. But I agreed to hang out as friends. I was naive however and he started hitting on me and tried to kiss me. It had been a LONG time since I last had a relationship with somebody close by, and he was really good looking(Like Ambercrombie model good looking), but all I could think about was my SO I was quickly developing feelings for and I said no. He left, and I had gotten online.

I had found out that he was waiting for me, since I said I'd be gone for a while. That day I asked him if he had feelings for me. And it took several long minutes to get a reply. From that day forth we started dating. He had visited me the following Christmas, I visited him on our anniversary, and about four months later I moved in with him and I've been living with him for over a year now.

TL;DR: Vidya games. A mutual friend set us up through World of Warcraft.  We are married now and still play.   High School! We hated each other for a year. I mean, HATED. He was an asshole who wore too much black and I was that weird artsy girl who was hellbent on being "different". Typical teenage cringe memories. Then we fell in love and have been together ever since. We're getting married in May! I went out to a club with some friends to go dancing. I wasn't having much luck with the girls that night so I started walking towards the patio for some air. As I was walking up some stairs by the dance floor this girl bumped me hard and started dancing on me. Before I knew it we had danced for most of the night. We exchanged numbers and I ended up texting her once I got home for a couple hours before crashing out. The next morning I woke up with the worst pain in my lower back, and I realized it was because she had me pinned to the rail the whole night dancing on me. We went  on a couple dates and shortly after started dating. This was 3 years go and have been going strong ever since. 

Tl;DR Met my SO in a ghetto club, where she pinned me to a rail and danced on me for the whole night.  The circumstances are pretty mundane (online dating) but the overall progression is pretty awesome.

I had just gotten out of a very abusive, 8-year codependent relationship.  I had severe anxiety about dealing with women so I decided to talk to my dad about it.  My father is a retired Marine and an ex-bodybuilder, so gentle, emotional conversations aren't his forte.  We had just come back from seeing Iron Man 3 when he asks the blunt "How's the bachelor life treating you?"  I confess that I'm fucking terrified, that the previous woman had left me an emotional, insecure wreck and I didn't know what the fuck I was gonna do, but I was going to put up a profile on an online dating site.

"DocFreudstein," he said, pushing his hand towards mine on the table but not touching it, "just be honest.  Just sell yourself as the product that you are and let nature take his course."

He then looked at me with a mixture of love and concern and said, "you deserve a good woman.  Don't you dare settle for anything less than the one."

I finished my profile that night, but was unable to post a picture.  It sat an stewed, unvisited, until Father's Day when we went and saw Man of Steel.  I took a selfie and sat on it throughout the day, until I got home.  My father and I make a habit out of going to see comic book movies together every summer, so I finished the last part of my profile that night.  "What's the most private thing that you're willing to admit?"

My answer: "That I cried like a little girl with a skinned knee at the end of The Dark Knight Rises."  My father and I were reduced to shuddering, manly tears at the end of that movie and it somehow felt like an amusing anecdote (as well as honesty...I cry a LOT at movies).

Three days later, I get a message.  The message quoted my answer with the simple addendum: "Me too, man.  Me too."  She was beautiful.  Black hair, green eyes, a complete knockout.  All of my insecurities about things that my ex would mock me for melted away.  "Just sell yourself as the product that you are."  We talked extensively about music, ukuleles, theremins, bad kisses, absinthe, Morrowind, and so much more.  She gave me her number, I texted her back.  The conversations continued almost incessantly.  I upgraded my once-adequate text plan from 250 to 1000 to unlimited in the span of 4 days.  There was an incredible familiarity and immediate attraction based almost completely off of shared ideas and a handful of pictures.  There was some simmering sexual tension between us, with her declaring "Before we hang out, I'm gonna make out with your face."

The date was made for 6 days later.  I picked her up at her apartment.  She texted me prior "I'm so nervous I'm shaking."

"Me too, kid." 

I parked in an open spot and texted her a simple "I'm here.  I'm in front of a shop with the punderous name of Wooden it Be Nice."  I stepped out just in time to see her walking across the parking lot towards me.  She's 6' tall, smiling so goddamn big, and the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life.  Do you ever put together a dream woman in your head?  Have you ever Frankensteined together a series of disparate parts of qualities that you look for into a strange construct of your desire?  I had for years, and there she was, made flesh.  We hugged, and reality popped, an audible snap as what I wanted and what she was collided.

Best first date ever.  I might keep going if the mood strikes me.

 Meet her on a blind date in Chicago, it will be the years in March :) She came in to apply at a job I worked, I mentioned to the boss who hadn't seen her that she 'was stacked and didn't seem too inebriated to work' which meant she got hired an hour later.  Then I asked her out. I threw a packet of ramen at him in high school. We didn't date for another 4 years, and now we're engaged 5 years later.  He started working in the call center I work in. One day he sits beside me and his computer won't work, so I jokingly say he should be happy he's not working, and then go back to talking to nosy clients. I was taken at the time and didn't really noticed if he was attractive or not, but after a while he asked me what I was reading, and felt something click inside me. I didn't pay much attention to it, shrugged it off and went home. That night he added me on Facebook and we started talking. We went along surprisingly well! He bluntly said to me he was interested, and I felt good. My boyfriend at the time was a douche so I liked the attention this new guy gave me, but politely told him I was taken and not interested. Lie. As the days go on we talk a lot and I notice his presencr distracts me, a lot, and that I think about him a bit too much for a guy I should have friendzoned. He keeps trying to flirt, ad I'm game. Two weeks and I finish senior year, I have an epiphany and split up with my boyfriend of two years and a half. First person that comes to my mind is this guy who's come like a whirlwind in my life. I liked that he didn't give up on me while i felt completely abandoned by the person who was supposed to care for me but wasn't. Long story short we hang out two days later and I spend the night torn by regrets, but there's so much tension, good tension between is that it's undeniable. Just as I am about to go home, he kisses me. BOOM, DEAD. And yeah we've been together ever since. 10/10 would do it all over again.


Edit: spelling and also sorry but english is not my mother language. We met on a dating site that caters to Jews.  She for the first time; it was going to be the last website she ever checked, having become convinced that she'd only find "creepers" on these sites.  I for the last time, having decided that I would no longer try to date only Jewish.

Anyway, she hadn't actually been on the site long enough to even have her user name, let alone any of her essays or pictures approved but I saw that she was "online" and since I was bored and whatever, I messaged her.

It's strange, we have so many interests in common, yet never would have met outside the internets.  Anyway, on our first date she got lost getting to the restaurant we were meeting at; I spent the first 40minutes of our evening trying to guide her in without gps or a smartphone on her end, and apparently she's highly directionally challenged.  We ended up spending 6hours walking around that evening. 

That was January 2012; We'll be married this coming January. My SO and I went to highschool together, we had many of the sams friends but had never even seen eachother. 

Grade 11 I'm on a school trip to NYC (big deal being from a small town in canada) anyway were on a shitty boat floating around the staute of liberty and some random girl stands directly infront of me and says hey will you block the wind for me! Ofcourse I say yes and uss the time to awkwardly flirt from less than a foot away. We got back home later that week I raced to comp and added her on Facebook and aranged a date we went to lunch and have been together for almost 4 years now I was sitting in her hijacked IRC channel. I got a second job at a gas station near my house, he was the third shifter there and he worked at a tattoo shop in the mornings.  He kept asking me out on ridiculous dates, such as a picnic in a graveyard, until I finally said yes to a movie. We've been together 2.5 years, just got engaged and we're looking for a house.   Met and made out at a mutual friend's birthday party. I made out with him because I was drunkenly trying to make another guy jealous. He made out with me because he was going through a bad breakup. I didn't expect to really see him again, but he started hanging out more with my main friend group. Eventually we ended up playing D&amp;D together, and we went on our first date about 8 months after our first kiss. At an Animal Crossing meet-up in a video game bar. I went to find some friends who had arrived before me, and on the phone it sounded like there was going to be one person there I didn't know: Colette. Needless to say, I was surprised when "Colette" turned out to be a boy, whose name wasn't anywhere near "Colette"... We ended up going on our first date later that week :) We've only been dating about a month and a half, but we're very happy together! [We've been attached since birth.](http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/913409_700b.jpg) Work. I was the new girl at the time. He emailed me about something that was relevant to the position of my cubicle. Started chatting. He sent me a koala photo. I made a pun. Exchanged numbers because we were using work emails. 

He asked me out for lunch, I was busy. Same week I mentioned that I was drinking to celebrate(it was a Friday). He said it was not fun to drink alone, invited him to share a pint at my place.  Got sufficiently buzzed after sharing stories, found out we had a buttload in common. Had sexy times. He slept over and we ended up going out the next day. Over the next few weeks we went on real dates and festivals while getting to know each other more.

Still crazy for each other months later. He digs my cooking.  We met at the local watering hole. He said he could guess my name in 3 tries (I have a very unusual name) and if he did, I would have to go on a date with him. He guessed it on the third try, so I agreed to the date. On my way out of the bar, I learned the bartender, a friend, had told my future husband my name. I avoided the guy like the plague for the next 2 weeks because everywhere I went, people kept telling me that he was asking all kinds of questions about me. I live in a pretty small town and was getting creeped out by this stalker dude. Needless to say, I finally caved and we went out to dinner. He hooked me, line and sinker after 2 Aku Aku punch bowls. We've been together for 13 weird and hilarious years. My SO frequently came into the bar where I worked but was always too nervous to talk to me, or could never think of anything to say. His best friend befriended my roommate, and one night the three of us were out having a beer and he suggested that I meet this guy. I say no, that I don't do blind dates. He insists upon it, being the good wingman that he is. He tells me he will just bring him in during my next shift. Along comes my next shift, and I'm introduced to one of the most gorgeous men I've ever seen. I end up getting cut early that night since the weather was bad and we were slow. He asks if I'd like to stay and hang out with him, his friend, and my roommate. We all go to his house for wine, and end up getting stuck there due to tornado warnings and we stayed up late drinking wine, playing games, and getting to know one another. The four of us, especially my SO and I, are inseparable now! 

 We became friends in 7th grade, and developed a crush on each other. Fast-forward to 9th grade, we hardly ever see each other, she gets a boyfriend. The next year we become close friends, then the following year she, being the sport she is, tries (unsuccessfully) to get me with one of her friends. New Years Eve of junior year she breaks up with her abusive boyfriend.

About three weeks later she's still trying to get me with her friend, and I tell her I've had a crush on her this entire time. Coincidence, she had a crush on me too.

We've been going out for about a year and nine months so far and are going to college together!

TL;DR: Realized we friend-zoned each other, got together youtube. At a maths camp. Probably never would have talked to her if we weren't sitting next to each other on the plane over there (thank you alphabetical order). 4 years later I asked her out, she said she just wanted to be friends. Really hurt but I eventually accepted it and moved on, we remained friends.  

Another 8 years later she asks me out. Among my friends and i, and my SO, it's a pretty cool story, but the story buildup itself ( in my opinion ) has nothing to do with how we got together. It's a bit of a long story so bear with me.

I'd just come back from a year abroad in New Zealand, where i'd gone to school with some other people from other countries. Namely this girl, we'll call Anne(not her real name). She was a finnish girl, 8/10, really cute. For now, she's not that relevant thou.
I started going to college back home, and i was 3 years older than the rest of my class members, as i'd started college before, but dropped out after my fathers death. As a part of "initiation" we had to take a trip with another class, so we could mingle with them for 3 days. Just to get better school spirit, stuff like that.
One of the nights, me and some friends were sitting around a fire on some benches, playing guitar, talking etc, when 4-5 girls come over and sit with us, and talk. One of them was a quite a shy girl, just said nothing, listened and watched the fire. 
As always, the smoke from the fire would be drawn towards me, so i'd be skipping around the fire, laughing like an idiot. That's when i notice this shy girl, and how much she reminded me of Anne. So i thought it'd be appropriate to say hi, but all i could blurt out was "Hi! You look like a friend of mine called Anne", and she just looked at me wierdly, and said "uhhh thanks i guess?". I got embaressed and ran around again, pretending it didnt happen. That's how i met my SO for the first time. FAst forward 2 months, and our school was having a Campus Olympics. At the end of the day, we were gonna run 4 kilometres, but the day before i'd done some heavy drinking, so i was hungover. I then met my SO on the trail, and we started talking. I invited her over for some drinks the cooming friday with some of her friends, because she seemed nice. I ended up talking with her for most part of the night, when one of my best friends at the time, swooped in when she was roaring drunk, and started hitting on her. I didnt feel anything for her at the time, so i just let it pass. Later she decided he was wierd and didnt want anything with him, so we started talking because she wanted an easy way to let him down. Go forward about a month or so, and i invited her on our first date, a dinner, and to watch The Hobbit. Been together since.

TL;DR Told my SO she looked like a friend of mine, i got embaressed, i invited her for drinks, a friend of mine hit on her, made out with her etc. she didnt like him, and ended up going out with me. I saw a picture of him at a good friend's book exchange party on Facebook, and thought him rather dashing. I live in Canada and she's in the States. She mentioned that he and I should go on a blind date when I come visit her. She approached him and he agreed to the blind date. I fly down to visit her and he and I exchange information over Facebook. Even before we have our official blind date, we go for a 2 hour walk, go to the midnight showing of Spiderman, and finally have our official blind date. 10 hours later, at the end of the date, we decide we like each other and want to date, despite the long distance. Two weeks later we decide we want to eventually get married, and today, we're slowly working towards that (Still in Canada, and he's down in the States)  Worked at starbucks, she came in to get coffee. Like ya do. I hit on her shamelessly and chatted her up on my break. It took three years of being friends, dating other people and the usual life stuff, but now we are together and I could not be happier.

I am a boring man. A guy was relentlessly trying to get me to date him and I wasn't interested. The guy had no friends so I took pity and suggests him and I go out one night to the town bar (small town). He immediately gets drunk and starts to loudly tell me all the things he planned to do to my vagina that night (so premeditating my rape). 

Desperate, I asked the nearest bouncer to keep the guy away from me. He agrees. Creepy McDouche then tells me "fine! I'll do your sister instead!" [sister is 13 years older than me and was bar tending at said bar]. I flirt with the bouncer to find that I had actually met him the week before while inebriated. 

Bouncer and I have been together ever since. Sister took the creep up on his offer. They now have a child but can't stand each other for the most part (and she is still not legally divorced from her husband).   He was buying yugioh cards and my friend recognized him despite his disguise to make sure no one knew he was purchasing yugioh cards.  In high-school. I thought his butt was cute and he liked mine too. Been together for 6 years and married for 1! She was really into my best friend, and he wanted to introduce us before they started dating. Started dating a girl in high school my sophomore year, almost a year and a half long, and she was crazy and no one liked her(A). I gave her friends and everything, and starts being bitchy to me junior year and we died off around christmas senior year. one of psychos friends started talking to me more, and I started dating her (B). B introduced me to a bunch of her friends, and on a choir trip I started talking to one of B's friends (C - SO). And we started hitting things off and broke up with B to get with C not even two weeks after a 4month relationship with B. Also was sleeping with A for almost the first week of being with B. C and myself are very happy, couldn't be happier, and C has been there through all the A and B stuff. She knew everything about me within a month of knowing her, and knew her for roughly 4 months before we dated. I love her with all my heart and more. Also, A, B, C, and myself were all in the same choir class. B and C are same age, and A and myself are older than them but also we are same age, and all three of them are really good friends.

So in short, i cheated with one while with another, then after I was with other I dumper her for next, almost immediately. And next is my SO. Girl in highschool art class told me to check out an IRC channel. Ended up being a regular there. Started talking to a different girl there. We got really close, did the whole Skype thing. We would spend all night just talking, even though we'd only get like an hour of sleep before school/work. We ended up drifting apart and dating other people; because we lived in different countries, and 3000 miles apart.

Kept in touch, but not too strongly.

I ended up getting dumped, went through a "fuck it" phase, and was about to buy a 1-way ticket to Europe with a backpack and $200. She convinced me to visit her instead.

We were officially dating 11 days later. We'd take turns coming to eachothers country for couple of months at a time. Any time we had to say goodbye was the new worst day of my life. Been together for 4 and a half years, our first wedding anniversary is in December; currently working out immigration stuff.

 wrote my number on her door. no joke. He was the best friend of my best friend's boyfriend. He was brought to a local turf field by his best friend to play Ultimate, and I was asked to throw around with him. 

Later that day, I kicked my foot into his butt hole for reasons I cannot remember. On omegle We went to high school together. We had been friends since freshman year, but nothing happened between us until senior year because I was with another girl for a while. The story that sparked our romance is kind of funny.

It was the night of the Homecoming dance and we were partying at a friend’s house. She and I were not the most experienced with drinking, so we didn’t really know our limits. I was pouring drinks for her (and everyone else), but I wasn’t really pacing her, so she had too much to drink and started puking. I felt really bad, so I stayed up with her the entire night to make sure that she didn’t puke in her sleep. As she slept, I just sat there next to her and realized that I had developed feelings for her over the last couple of months. A month later, I asked her out and we’ve been together for almost six years. We’ve graduated college, moved in together, and have a dog. We both played trumpet in our college marching band.  Through a friend of a friend. He was really shy but I got him to talk to me because we both were playing WoW at the time. I made a character on his server and we chatted the next few days.  Some guy randomly found me on ICQ and after a while of chatting with him  he introduced me to his RL friend. The RL friend and I became friends and had a connection but we were in 2 different parts of the state and young. We had a rocky friendship for 3 years or so of talking online and on the phone, before meeting IRL. We saw each other two more times, making us official, within the month before my father passed away suddenly. I called him (boyfriend) up the very day my dad died and he hasn't left me since. This month makes 11 years. We've been best friends for about seven years. We dated for two years after I graduated high school, and he broke up with me to figure himself out. I dated a few other guys, and it didn't work out. He realized he was in love with me, and I had always loved him. So now we are back together with strong mutual feelings on both sides. We went to high school together but were not close friends. When one of our mutual friends died I showed up to the viewing alone and he offered to walk in with me to see my friend for the last time. We began talking and started dating a few weeks later. Got married a year ago. :)  I let him dry his hands on my sweater since the bathroom was out of paper towels. He was hanging out with a bunch of people who don't like me. We both ended up at an AJJ concert, found out he lived 3 blocks away from me. I hate these fucking threads. And yet here I am, wallowing.  I moved to a new high school the middle of my freshman year. I saw her in my new health class and wanted to be her friend cause she looked gay. So i asked her for her hand, she gave it to me with hesitation... then i bit it. yah, she didn't talk to me for a while.
We are engaged now :) Not too interesting. My friend invited him over to my house when I was having a Lord of the Rings marathon. We've been dating for over a year (which is  big deal for me) and doing great :) Met his mom in my workplace. She introduced us. Turns out he was the hottie I used to check out from the rival high school.  Played (La valse d'amelie) -yann tiersen on piano to a french girl. After that she was hooked. Am I the only one who poops in no time flat. Honestly the same amount of time it takes me to piss in a urinal. I'd barely have time to pull up a game of Angry Birds even if I wanted to. Am I the only one that can't look out windows at night because I'm afraid someone's face will pop out?  Am I the only one who's ever puked and shat at the same time? Does anyone else get this feeling like..."I exist". When everything is quiet, I look at my hands and just feel... like I am a separate being from my body. It is exhilarating. Am I the only one that actually has fun sleeping? I have always had vivid, interesting dream so conking out for 7 hours or more is like going to the movies I haven't seen any previews to. My family was always annoyed about how much I slept in. I like creative writing and, it's a bit embarassing but...

Does anyone else like to imagine things when they listen to music? Characters, settings, scenes playing out in your head? I just space out and think when I listen to it. There's even songs I kind of like but don't listen to just because they don't spark anything to imagine.

At the same time, I genuinely enjoy just sitting and thinking. Sit in a chair, in silence, and stare into space. Just imagining things. For ages. 

Does anyone else do this? I don't really tell anyone because it's odd that I zone out so much and just kind of enjoy sitting in silence "doing nothing". Am I the only one that has hair in my ass?


Someone else admitted it so luckily I never had to ask. I feel like I am the only one my age who doesn't know how to do my hair or makeup properly.  Am I the only girl here who actually finishes getting ready before her SO? Am I the only one who spends roughly an hour browsing for a good porno, while it only takes me roughly 4 minutes to fap?  Whenever I'm watching tv or anything and a joke is made, I laugh, and I look at someone else in the room, I don't know why, I just look at someone else to see their reaction Am I the only one who has taken a healthy dump only to find ZERO evidence of doing so after turning around to flush...? I've seriously always wondered this. Am I the only one still having trouble getting over Regis Philbin quitting millionaire  Am I the only one that sits on the toilet for 3 hours reading? Am I the only one who wants to kill the one kid eating a bag of chips (chewing with mouth open) in a lecture class that is pretty much silent besides the prof.? Just hearing people chew with their mouth closed is like nails on the chalk board for me- so this kid is 10x worse... Am I the only one who thinks it's borderline insanity to force cyclists to ride on the same road a 2000 pound machine moving at 40 miles an hour drives down instead of the sidewalk? Am I the only one who hears a really high pitch tone in absolute silence? Am I the only one who hates wiping?!! Posted earlier
Am I the only one that lives in an absolute fog?

&gt;I don't mean to be dramatic, but I feel like I do every day.
I'm so bored and it feels like I'm living life in this fog.
Don't get me wrong I can be happy , it just seems like I'm not as happy as other people or as often..
I don't know..
I've always been really even and level headed and logical so I always feel like Spock on the enterprise when I look at those around me and I feel like people don't get it.

Also I'm pretty sure I have some form of ADD as my brain can't focus it's always shifting and it gets to the point where some nights I can't sleep because I can't shut down my brain no matter what I try, I just wait until I kind of black out.

I think the worst part is I'm a talented actor and I can never tell if i really enjoy the "act" I put on so I don't burden people or if I really like the things I do.
I *think* I do, but I'm just do stuck in my own head over thinking everything. Am I the only one around here who upvotes every AskReddit question I post in? So that I have a better chance of being seen, and therefore, upvoted? Am I the only one who doesn't take reading material, cell phones. or games into the bathroom? when you have to poop, but only have time to pee at the urinal, do you struggle to release only pee instead of both?
 Am I the only one who checks the mail every day because I think if I don't and a letter is left sitting the mailman will feel his job is unimportant?  Am I the only one who is "grown up" but doesn't feel like it? I guess I always thought my life would be different when I got to a certain age. ...who gets "hangovers" from eating too much beef or consuming too much dairy?  I'm lactose intolerant, but the way it manifests seems to have changed; instead of having tummy problems, I get a massive headache in the morning. I've posted this before to /r/DoesAnybodyElse, but:

Am I the only one who has really psychotic thoughts randomly?

For example, I'm at the store and a I see a woman shopping while her baby sits in the cart a few feet away. My brain says "You could go pick up that baby and throw it at a wall and kill it." Of course, I never even get close to considering doing it, but my brain just reminds me that I can.
Or, if I'm at a high place with someone else, my brain tells me that I could throw them off and kill them. Again, I never ever would, but it's just a weird thought I get. Anyone else?

I also sometimes have less sadistic thoughts that make me wonder how people would react. Like, if I was sitting in class and I just got up and threw a desk at someone, how would the teacher react? What about the other students? What about my parents when they found out? Good thing I never tested any of these. Am I the only adult with children of his/her own that prefers playing with the kids at large gatherings? 

For example, this past weekend was my daughter's 2nd birthday. There were maybe a dozen adults, and six or seven kids including my daughter. I spent the majority of the time playing with the kids, so much so that my wife's friends were shocked how good I am with kids, considering I don't really socialize with the rest of the adults. 

Adults are fucking boring. Every conversation is about sports, the weather, current affairs, or your shitty job. Conversations with kids are about what if tires had wings, or what if the water was purple and the sky was neon yellow and clouds were made of sugar and we could catch the sugar and put it on our noses and have sugarnoses. 

Conversational topics last all of eleven seconds before the subject is changed, but not like with adults. With adults, there's a logical progression. We were talking about the government shutdown, now we're talking about the Syrian crisis, now we're talking about racism and bigotry in general, now we're all acting superior to everyone else. With kids, it's sugarnoses to who can hop the farthest on one leg while looking up at the sky, then let's go swing because swinging is fun. It's chaos in its purest form: unbridled. 



 Isn't there an entire subreddit dedicated to this?  

/r/DAE  Am I the only one who's left handed and masturbates with my right arm? Or is it just customary to always masturbate with your right arm? Am I the only one that runs the taps when pooping even at home in front of parents or at SO's place, oh and never poops in public? Am I the only one who doesn't really enjoy being an adult? I'd much rather be a kid again. Am I the only one who talks to myself? We've all heard of people having different lives between work, school, friends, and family. Am I the only one who has them also divided between different websites, between individuals, between stories (if they are writers?) Not that the main character is different...but that the author him/herself becomes another person when writing different stories? An I the only one who plans out conversations before they happen? Am I the only one who actually enjoys that Wrecking Ball song sung by Miley Cyrus? Am I the only one with a slight fear of a snake coming up and biting my ass when I'm taking a shit?

 ...around here who gives a shit about the rules?! Am I the only one who feels a strong since of paranoia/anxiety when I stop next to someone at a light?  Am I the only one who has music running through my head nearly all the time? Am I the only one who screams loudly in my head to see if anyone turns around? I'm afraid of mind-readers! Am I the only one that strips naked prior to pooping?
 Once when I was maybe 5 to 8 I could sometimes go underwater in a pool and breathe or at least think I could...  I've only met one other person who has done that...   I always feel like I'm the only person who doesn't do drugs.. Hate that shit with a passion... Sometimes when I'm laying in bed at night with my husband my my dog, I wonder if I saw a snapshot of that when I was in high school or college how relieved and happy I would have been to know that I would be living in a happy home with a handsome husband and the cutest pup.   Am I the only one who wakes up earlier and fully refreshed/non tired on days where there is no school/work but is really tired on school/work days? This is odd to explain, but I have a habit of sliding the ends of pillow bases between the fingernail and skin. I've done this for as long as I can remember, and have never met anyone else that does it...but maybe on the Internet? Am I the only one who looks at people and wonder how they have sex, or what havig sex with them would be like?  Am I the only one who thinks the statistical probability of actually being the ONLY ONE on a website with 2 million plus visitors that identifies with the text on a meme is astronomically low? Am I the only guy who wipes from the front? It gets it a lot cleaner! "Am I the only one who understands that sometimes bad things happen to good people for no reason"

I know people who act like it is the end of the world when something bad happens. I just tell myself that there is always a way to improve your situation  Am I the only one who think about death, violence, and destruction on a regular basis? Am i the only one who talks to myself?, Should I do this? No, I don't think so. Are you sure? Well, I'm sure if you're sure-" "What are we talking about~?" oh damn it.. I'm actually really worried. Has anyone else not had their period yet? While most people get their first period around 13, I'm over 21 and I still haven't gotten mine yet. I wouldn't even know how to insert a tampon in my penis. Am I the only one who wasn't hated on when iw as 23? Blink 182 is lies! Am I the only one having trouble thinking of a witty response for this? Am I the only one that hates the movie Signs? am i the only one who sometimes has insanely inappropriate sexual and violent thoughts about random people? Am I the only one who spanks the monkey dry? Am I the only one that hates orange Lifesavers? Am I the only one who gets a fuck-ton of lint behind their ears? I never see it on anyone else. It happens most when I wear formal dress shirts for some reason. Am I the only one who feels crushingly lonely but has no urge to make friends because I have nothing to do with the few that I have? Am I the only one who still gets asked for id at a 14a rated movie, even though I'm 20? Am I the only one who wants the Zombies to come!? Am I the only girl that doesn't get hit on?! I don't consider myself ugly, but DAMN!  Am I the only one who flushes before they finish pissing and then have a race with the toilet? Stands up to wipe? Am I the only one that sits down while showering? am i the only girl who gets horrible leg and foot cramps during sex?

also, horrid headaches while masturbating? Am I the only one doesn't give a damn about micro brewing and having long conversations about beer? I drink beer to be affected,  not for the taste of it.   Am I the only one  to notice how pretty much any sensational movie title can double as a metaphor for either hanging a turd or alternatively, for the different types of turd???

Some examples: 

Apocalypse Now

 The Three Amigos

Gone with the wind

 Top Gun

Saturday Night Fever


 Commando

 Hook

 Thin Red Line

 Total Recall,

 Predator, 

The Addams Family,

 Finding Forrester, 

Home Alone, 

Broken Arrow,

 Chariots of Fire, 

The Little Mermaid,

 Lady and the Tramp, 

The Da Vinci Code

Manufacturing Consent

Power and Terror

The Silence of the Lambs

Red Dragon

Twins

Please feel free to add others you may have noticed.




 
 Am I the only one who thinks Frank Zappa's music sucks ass? Am I truly real? Are any of us?  Am I the only one who pulls out my eyelashes/eyebrows when I am stresses as a habit? "Am I the only one?"

My dad can be a real asshole. He will never admit when he is wrong. He doesn't believe in that old saying "there's more than one way to skin a cat".

Gosh forbid someone have a different way to do something.

So when you get into it with him for doing something your way instead of his (even though it still got done)
His response to everything is....

"I don't know, it must just be me" Am I the only one who doesn't enjoy BJs? Am I the only one who feels music is still music no matter if the vocalist is growling or screaming. so basically DAE? ....... Am I the only one who knows the Lord of the Rings drinking game rules? Am I the only one who likes to sit in front of the Air Conditioner just to smell the cold air? Am I the only person that thinks about everyone being naked? Am I the only one who's never happy with myself? Am I the only one who finds characters in shows that aren't that attractive, become more attractive after I see them in a few shows?  Am I the only stay at home wife that actually does her "job" and enjoys it?  Reddit seems to make it apparent that any person who stays at home just sits there all lazy like.  I clean, plan and make lovely meals, do our budget and make sure our bills get paid, massage my husband and make sure he feels loved.  I absolutely love doing all of this and don't understand how some stay at homers just...don't do anything. Dammit I had a question just for this and i completely forgot it as soon as the opportunity arose. Does any one else get in a trance/zone when they are doing something that they really enjoy?
 Am I the only one who feels like they were never given a book on how to work things like can-openers, some locks, stupid shit like that? Or how to be socially accepted? Am I the only one who laughs uncontrollably when someone sits on their back? Am I the only one who counts everything I see? It has to end on an even number too. Like, I'll see four window panes and count, one..two..three..four. If reddit has taught me one thing, you're never the only one. No matter what matter of perversion you're into, *you're never the only one*. Am I the only one that should rather be posting these types of questions to /r/DAE? Am I the only one who thinks Kanye West is racist? Am I the only one that has never seen Star Wars? Am I the only one who thinks incest is really no big deal? am I the only one that enjoys masturbating to girls i could easily get with but never would? the thought of giving a fat girl pure sexual exhilaration is a huge turn on for me Am I the only one who comes up with complete movies and television shows, with characters, plots, etc. all in my head that I personally think would be good enough to publicly broadcast? Is your mental backdrop when you're thinking places from childhood? What is your mental backdrop? Like when I'm daydreaming I realize I'm walking through my childhood kitchen or some such place while I think about something. Anyone else? Am I the only one who was scared of the nursery rhyme "Little Bunny Foo Foo" as a child? I would literally tense up every time we sang it as a class in Preschool. That bopping them on the heads business disturbed me. Am I the only one who is fine with gay people and is a gay marriage advocte, but hates being seen as gay when I'm straight?  I sometimes glue tic tacs to my ears and pretend they're earrings. I doubt I'm honestly the only one who does this am I the only one who doesn't shave their pubic hair? Am I the only one who imagines someone I know doing or saying something that pisses me off and then proceed to argue with them in my head about it? I get so pissed about stuff that never actually happened.  Am i the only one who thinks we should let our sick die and purge the world of those who lack the ability to provide for themselves(not retarded people, more like people who ride rascals because they are really fat). Am I the only one who is super paranoid about people being able to read my mind? I know they can't but I still occasionally think things like, "If you can hear me, nod your head twice." Am I the only one that dont give a shit about lyrics in songs? Am I the only person who hates bugs, but feels bad if the bugs are killed? I cry when I yawn. Not the boo hoo type of crying, tears just stream down my face. I have never met anyone who has this problem.  Am I the only one who doesn't have a favorite anything? I usually have periods of time where I obsess over a certain thing (shirt, band, color, whatever), but eventually replace it with something else.  Am I the only being on this earth to like candy corn? And whoppers? 1.  Am I the only one who thinks about cartoon characters running outside beside the car when it's driving?


2.  ALSO am I the only one who tries to *trick* their brain at night to make it feel like the bed is flipping or hovering? (I don't really know if that makes any sense.)

edit: one... two... oops.  Am I the only one who checks the backseat of the car at night for a murderer before getting in?  I feel like I'm the only one, because when I explained it when I was little people would look at me like I was crazy. 


When I am alone and it is quiet (Like trying to sleep or pooping) I just imagine stories in my head. It is usually a war featuring things from recent games I have played. If I recently played Halo, I will probably end up spending a week thinking up an entire battle that one side won, and I keep track (In my head) of who died and the overall gains/losses of it. I have only had one "War" finish in my head, and that was during my AoE 2 binge.

(BTW, The huns won. They always win.) Am I the only one who's glad to have grown up? Yeah, I have more responsibility now, but there is *soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo* much more freedom to go along with it. Am I the only one who pees and poops my pants during a seizure? I never have googled it because I am too embarrassed.  Am I the only I've who wonders if their balls stink from the sweat.  Am I the only one who really likes Steven Moffat's work on Doctor Who? I find myself projecting myself into stories that I read. I know this by ins't uncommon, but I do it even when I'm done reading, and to a greater scale than I believe others experience. The best example I have of this is Katawa Shoujo. I'm watching a let's play of this (I find it hilarious, I wouldn't enjoy near as much as I am now without his commentary), and I catch myself thinking how much I'd rather be in Hisao's place than mine. I could see myself being great friends with some of the characters, and would be happier overall in his life. This is the most recent occurrence, but it has happened before. It started for me around 5th grade when we read Bridge to Terabithia. It's more difficult if the book follows more than one character (namely A Song of Ice and Fire), and doesn't happen at all with movies. I don't know how well I've explained this, but I hope I made my point get across. Am I the only one who has to look at their poop after they make it? Am I the only one whose penis and vagina sometimes touch each other? I used to stand up when I would wipe for 99% of my life until recently realized that other people didn't do that...  Am I the only one who legitimately has sex with his sister? Am I the only one who gets a weird white gooey lining in my mouth after I brush my teeth? It's like dead skin or something, and it usually comes about 10 minutes after I finish brushing. 
Edit: forgot a word  Am i the only one around here that can't press shift while gaming because it feels awkward?
Would post this to /r/gaming but I'm to lazy to learn how to make captions. Am I the only female around who has absolutely no idea how to do my hair and make-up?  I've never really cared to learn (don't care all that much now either), but when I go to formal events/just feel like getting fancy, I have to call my older sister over to my place to do those things for me.  :/ Am I the only one who makes their bed BEFORE getting in it at night? am i the only one who actually enjoys puking? i love the feeling right after especially during/after a night of heavy drinking  Am I the only one who wants to be the bad guy not the good guy.  Am I the only guy who gets excited when I get new clothes? Am I the only one that has these vent type things on the roof of my mouth that when applying section with my tongue I can mucous out into my mouth? Also, can anyone else "pop" their ears without plugging their nose and blowing out it? Because I can just do it with muscles by my ears. Am i the only one who likes to lift my legs up so the sheets fold in between them when i sleep? I can't be the only one that likes the feeling of a nice, solid poop. I think it's slightly pleasurable Am I the only one who continually makes the wrong decisions knowing full well what the right ones are? 

I weigh out the pros and cons of a situation, and I can reasonably and obviously see what I should do, but then I go ahead and do the exact opposite.  Am I the only one that has done so much better than normal without thinking? I can pop my ears on command, without using my breathe or anything. Anyone out there? ITT: A lot of poop. Am I the only one who thinks about what a universe without time would be like and other similar questions for hours on end and then get really sad when people laugh at me for wanting to share my thoughts? Am I the only one who will sometimes randomly make warped and silly faces at security cameras while shopping? That no matter what I do, I'm a terrible person? Am I the only one who constantly dreams about death and despair and darkness, except when I'm actually upset and then it's all cuddles and rainbows? Am I the only guy who prefers to sit when going to the bathroom? I just like to be on my phone... Am I the only one who understands people well enough to give anyone an emotional breakdown? [have done it to three people so far{on purpose}] Am I the only one who faps cross eyed to 3D porn? Am I the only one that actually likes talking on the phone? Seems like everyone I know is phone-averse.  Am I the only who prefers a phone call over a text message.  Am I the only one with two holes at the tip of my dick? Am I the only one who sees myself as a complicated emotion machine that has to be constantly fed the correct input in form of substances and/or activities in order to maintain stability? Am I the only one who is *not* telepathic, and you all just aren't telling me? Am I the only straight guy that likes to poop? Am I the only high school student that buys and sells utility trailers as a form of "work"? Voices have been talking to me since I was a young child. I've never told anyone for fear of my mother accusing me of lying for attention.  Am i the only one who fingers their own bumhole and smells it for nutrients? Am I  the only one that doesn't have a question like this? Am I the only one that gets "whiskey vagina" and can't have sex while extremely intoxicated?! Am I the only one who thinks both of America's political parties are stupid as shit? Am i the only one who knows, that i'm not the only one, irregardless how i continue this sentance?  Am I the only one? Please tell me someone else loves soggy raisin bran. I used to get up early before school, set up a bowl of cereal, take a shower, get ready, then reward myself with a cold, soggy, grainy bowl of raisin bran. Am I the only one who hates Pink Floyd? Am I the only fifteen-year-old who is fully prepared to spend my life alone? Am I the only one who likes ketchup with mac and cheese? Also sharp cheddar with apple pie. Whenever I tell anyone about either one they call me weird... Am I the only one to question what existence is? ITT: Upvoted things everyone does. Rape me...Rape me again..Rape me...Rape me, my friend..Am I the only one? Takin all bets, how long before we see the top posts appear in /r/adviceanimals tomorrow? Am I the only one that when taking showers in the locker room I look at the others guys not because I'm gay but because I'm comparing mine to theirs?  Am I the only one who thinks that if a black person says the n-word, they can't be offended if anyone else says it ITT : tomorrow's adviceanimals  Am I the only one who likes to put my finger in my piss midstream and taste it to make sure that I'm still normal? "Definitely" Nessecery. Necessary. Necessery. Nesescery. Screw it, needed. Restraunt. Did I get it right? Right or wrong it's staying that way.  I used to struggle with "guarantee". Dyslesxia Possesion. Posession. Possession.
 Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis man fuck that word I use it all the time but I can never get it right. Queue. I always overreach and write queueue or switch around the letters. Neccecary 
Neciscary  
Nessesary
Nescesary 
 =,[ "Atheist" or "Weird" or any word where I DOES NOT COME BEFORE E AND IS NOT EXCEPT AFTER C Hemorrhage. 
Actually had to auto-correct it, because I always do two M's, 1 R.  Accommodation  Diahorrea. Diarrhoea? Apocalypse

Apacolypse

Apocolypse

Apacalypse. occassion. ocassion. occasion.  rigth Embarrassing

I can never remember how many r's and then I start second-guessing how many s's dissappointed

Well, I got it right that time, so I guess the point is moot. lisence. lisense. license.  Hemmroids Maintenance. I always want to write "maintainence." 
 Kind of relevant, but I can't spell banana with out singing the Gwen Stefani song to myself *performance "Rigth" Absence and maneuver.  Threshhold. Threshold. Perform. Wait no, preform... Perform? ^^^right?

Edit: Grammar, no, grammer, gramar.  Privilege. I have no idea how I typed it correctly the first try, this time. Whoa, that title was metuh. I sea what you did their.  The title of this thread is brilliant. join always comes out as joing just because of the gerund I have to sing "this shit is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S.." in order to spell banana. Every. Fucking. Time.  Upvote for irony. Butt always gets me, butt that's okay. 

Proper spelling, or the lack thereof hasn't stopped me from putting bread and buter on the table. Just gotta get my but in gear and get to work!  I've been building flying butresses for a big house for the past week. A lot of the construction requires but joints. The house sticks out on a grassy bute populated by buterflies. They love the butercups in the grass.  I always have a hard time with does and dose Restaurant. I always spell it as "resteraunt". ~~Nessacary~~..~~necassary~~..necessary. Got it.  Expermient. Don't get me satrted... convienient Ducking. 


 

I blame autocorrect.  Diarrhea and immediate. I just close my eyes and hope for the best autocorrect.  reprot Serieus Necessary and exercise. No idea why but I have to retry exercise damn near every time.  Scissors. Receive and weird. for many years...counselor  Special... I had to autocorrect it. ghonnorhea. gonnorhea. gonorrhea. Tomorrow. Fucking Wednesday Any words that usually ends with 'e' , that has the suffix 'able'.
I never know if I should include the 'e'.

For example: "loveable", "believeable", "agreeable".

They just don't look right, so I tend to avoid using them.
 Address. Why the hell are there two d's?!
Also, "thier" and "freinds" look more natural to me. Guard Reccommend, Reccomend. Recommend. ONE C, TWO M'S DAMMIT! Minute. I get it wrong so much I just say min or mins now. Counselor. I don't even know if that's the correct one I am meaning to say. I usually try and erase a few different attempts and then end up just saying 'therapist'. I remember once I used it in a paper and used the wrong one, not really knowing, thinking I spelled it right. My teacher wrote something like "haha, funny typo in this context so I won't dock you points."   restaurant  I always type "the" as "teh". My fingers go to fast.
 Indefinitively? Is that right? Good thing that the Grammar Nazi is not here! "Opinion", Literally I typed opioin then I spell checked it.  Liaise.  SO MANY I'S. Feild and Wierd. Also, I almost always write form when I mean from.  I am actually working on it.  this isn't helping.  Exercise I used to suck at spelling "business"   Recipe- I spell it recipie. I always try to use "i before e" but I don't think that works here? And I want to have the word pie in there, because its about food or something. Exercise.

For some reason, I've always had a tendency to spell it as "excersise" ever since I was a kindergartener. schedule reminisce  Disappear and definitely. Those are definitely my two words.  Reference (always spell it "Refference") Definitely.

I just... That god damn word... Fuck the word weird... Always have trouble with that for no reason  My dads name. Jhon. miscellaneous seperate

...fuck, I did it again! I appreciate the pun you inserted into the title of this thread.

Anyway, my answer would be writting. (Real spelling is 'writing.') guarantee

restaurant

queue

accommodate

 Medieval. Psychiatrist.  I have to spell-check change it almost every time. Nobody else can spell my name right. It's Edrawd restaruant Restaurant. I always get the 'au' and 'a' bits mixed up. Always. F. I always spell it 5. Archaeopteryx Hai and Bai! License. Wednesday... Necessary Mediterranean I don't tend to have trouble spelling, but I find myself typing out a lot of taht's and THen's lately. Diarrhea. I work at a vets office, it comes up a lot. Fourty, Forty, Fort-tee?  Screw it, 40.
 Corolation (correlation) Phlem.

Phelhm. 

Pleghm. 

Phleghm.

Fuck it. Throat Mucus. Separate.. Seperate.. Separite UGH I get a spelling diarrhea with bourgeoisie. stingray My most common typo is writing the when I mean to write they.  Maintenance.  &lt;---see! spell check just corrected it! Begginer Restaront. Restarant. Restaurant. I'm in college and constantly have to check multiple times whether I spelled it right.  Manoeuvre.. Just checked the dictionary :D

Edit: Also embarasss, I mean embarrass. Security.  I always end up typing "secutiry".  Every fucking time. I used to have a whole lot of problems spelling privilege but tumblr has fixed that right up for me. Kroxldyphivc postion  Rhythm. Rhythmn. Rythymn.  Mispell.  Misspell.  Missspell. When ever I'm writing something and the sentence has with and then beside each other, I always accedentaly write withe.  peice Unfortunately Cancelled/Canceled. To this day I don't know which one is correct. Weird/wierd  Tragedy has always, for some reason, been a word I've had difficulty with. I know how to spell it, how to say it. But for whatever reason, I always spell it 'tradegy' and always say it that way too. Also, ddissappoinnttedd. I can never figure out which consonant needs to be doubled. Wendenesday Especially.  Absolutely business weird

It turns the whole 'i before e, except after c' (excluding words like neighbor and weigh) rule on its head.  Spelling, for the most part was something that, from grade school through high school, I never had to work too hard at.

In my early twenties I learned German, which has very strict spelling rules.  Of particular note is "ei", which is always pronounced as in "Einstein", and "ie", which is always pronounced like the "ea" in "peace".

Now I can't ever seem to get English words with "ei" or "ie" right on the first try.  (receive, believe, receipt, piece, etc.) Lieing

Pretty sure I spelled it wrong Lose loose loss lost never know which one to fucking use!!!!! "Guarantee" Teusday
Freinds
Jurrasic Park Whenever I spell disappointing, I tend to either type two s's and one p, or two of each. Diarrhea nauseous...those vowels don't make sense. 

I have a weird, and so far unnamed, thing where I get sick in the mornings often (not pregnant). You'd think I'd have that figured out by now. 

"How was your morning?" "Oh, it was okay. I was ~~nauseus~~ ~~nauseaus~~ ~~naosous~~ sick again this morning, but not too bad"
 This thread is making me lose IQ points. lisecence. liscence, lisence, licence Charectar...character...charecter? "Necessary" Yes, I have to look it up. pnuemonia nomonia pnueamina FUCK FUCK FUCK embaress
embarrass
embarass
embare-ass
 bureucracy  I'm bilingual, English and French. 

I always confuse envelope/enveloppe address/adresse, apartment/appartement.
 Vacuum
Vaccum

Sucking machine. Beautiful
 Tomorrow, I'm not even sure if that's spelled right, I have been spelling that word wrong for so long, I think it just gave up and just stopped putting that red squiggly line. Accout..account. I spell it so many times and so many times I omit the n.       unecessary,  rediculous, vaccuum

    (unnecessary, ridiculous, vacuum) "Rhythm." 
Used to always misplace that damned 'y.' 'guarantee'...i had to copy and paste from google.  I still struggle with this word gets me every damn time! "Statute" I always end up writing statue instead.  Onomatopoeia, hands down. Took me five minutes to remember that from a fifth grade spelling test.  "Shock". I'm learning German and everytime I try to spell it I put down schock. excercise  Strength speeling Maintenance Seperate.... Separate. 

Every damn time.  I used to spell it "mabye" until I realized it was a compound word. Appearantly I am not very good at spelling "apparently". Recommend.. always do reccomend.  negotiate "Jealous"  Convenient. I only spelled it right in this post because of auto correct.  I now question a lot of things I spell... fuck "Somthing" necessity/neccesity/neccessity

the problem is that they all look like they are misspelled. museum  Prophet. I spell it as prohpet. On your other note "Difficult to write": capital B and 3. For some reason my hand just can't do it. They end up looking like backwards Cs usually. diferent... diffirent... DIFFERENT  Weird. 
Wierd. 

They both look right to me.  Particularly   Hausdorff  "Joint." Always write it as jonit. Probably Receive, hands down. I never have a problem with e's and i's; it's just this word! Tortellini
 Tomorr, tomoorr, tomarro Monday.  squirrel  "Restaurant" and "behavior".  I better leave this thread before I start losing brain cells Transcendant, thier, (see there we go, fucking red line) There are probably others, but i can't think of them right now. A good ninety percent of my issue is transposing two letters in a given word. Pretty much any word with -ie- or -ei- in it. I always get those backwards. Neighbour?  I think?

It never looks right. Government.  ~~beacause~~ because Febuary  weird Guarantee , gurantee , garantee , garuntee, gauruntee, gaurunte

Even my autocorrect misspells it because I always spell it wrong Vehicle. Sometimes Google can't even make sense of how badly I spell it.  recommended (had to spell check it) lisence "license"  fghdrgghj ftggf eff edcggh hbhrdr ftggf by fb Yggdrakk xewyi goplhee, fukc. Tomorrow. I always want to put some other spelling. Vacccuuum Cocodrile. Cocrodile. Corcodile. Cocodile. Can't pronounce it either :( Saterday Definitely  I know how to properly spell it, but I will always spell Chinese "Chinies" So nobody else saw OP's joke snuck in there? Dyahrea. Fiancee died, we were pretty codependent, became homeless, became alcoholic.   I was over 350lbs, nearly 30 years old, living with my mother and had barely touched a boob (other than my own....I'm a dude, btw). My job was on the 2nd floor of a 2-story building with no elevator. There were 29 stairs up and I had to stop 1/2 way to catch my breath. 

Enough was enough. I ended up getting gastric bypass, which cured me of my sleep apnea and borderline diabetes. I also dropped over 100lbs and have run multiple 5k's and 2 half marathons (with a 3rd planned for the end of this month).  So, I received my final divorce papers the week of my 30th birthday. I had stayed in a small apartment for several months while she was figuring out where she would go. She finally moved out of our house just in time for me to leave the tick, bedbug and cockroach infested, cash-only-on-the-first-of-the-month shithole I had rented across town.

I found myself staying in our nearly completely empty house without any furniture save for a single couch in the basement. I wasn't in any rush to furnish it as we had put the house on the market so we could split the money. I couldn't take any of my things from my apartment, what with the various infestations happening to my stuff. It didn't help that money was tight, what with her not having a job and me paying for the mortgage and her apartment. 

The couch was a little old and too small to sleep on. So each night, I would remove the couch cushions, set them on the floor and wrap them in a blanket. I found a dirty pillow in the garage and covered it with a T-shirt. Each morning I would wake up and put everything away so any potential home-buyers wouldn't be put off.

One day, I come home from work and walk around to the back door to get in to the basement. Through the window, I see a make-shift bed and a stained pillow lying on the floor. All I could think was "Oh my god. There's a hobo living in my house"

Then I remembered it was me.
 25 in grad school, but burnt out. I had stopped working at the request of my fiance. I am 6ft tall, but was 225 of fat. My hair was long for a guy. I was too lazy to shave. I wore clothes from high school that were 6+ years old at that point and shot. Didn't even shower everyday. Honestly I was depressed. 

My now ex and I were to be married in 6 weeks, but she had been cutting me out of her life. There were trust issues, fidelity issues on her part. Not saying she is a horrendous person, but we really should have split two years prior.

Rock bottom was splitting with her. I had to give up my dog. Letting her keep all the stuff except the pinball machines, my guns, and clothes. I ended up selling everything to live off of. Moving in with my parents to finish school. I basically walked away from my entire life and started over. 

I spent over a year losing weight, cleaning up my image. Dropped to 173lbs while adding maybe 20lbs of muscle. I am not ripped, but athletic at least.  I graduated. Got a good job. A new place. I finally dated a girl for two months this past summer. Still trying to get furniture and what not. I feel like my life was really setback. My friends make more than I do. They are looking at buying a house where I do not even have pots/pans in my cupboard.  It gets to you at times I guess. Got fired from my first job out of College. After two months I ran out of money to pay for anything. My parents helped me pay my rent for 3 months after that while I was going to interviews. I had on average 3 interviews a week for 8 months straight. Since I had no money and all of my time was spent looking for a new job, my GF started hanging out with her guy friends (she was a big nerd so of course all of her friends were guys). I couldn't hang out with her when she asked me to come out with her. She left me. I had no money for food so I told my parents my rent was $100 more than it actually was so I could afford Ramen and Subway. I ate maybe 1 meal a day, used bread and crackers as filler. Lost 35lbs. Went from 180lbs to 145lbs. Depression mixed with anxiety/stress and heartbreak made my interviews go horrible.

Finally found an employer that would hire me and I've been here for 3 years now. I'm on my way down. I'll keep you in the loop. I scored a date with a chick who was not only older than me, but also fairly hotter than any other chick I have been with.

I also  happened to score this date, while in the peak of my weed smoking career, and the peak of my unemployment career.

The night of the date, I realize I have 0 gas, 0 weed, and 40 dollars in my bank account. 

My rock bottom plan: I went to the bank, took out the 40 in cash, then immediately went across the street and got gas on the same card. I then bought an eighth, sold three grams of it for 60$, put the forty back in my account, so I wouldn't get hit with overdraft fees, and then went on my date with 20$ cash and .5g of weed leftover. I missed my bus stop at Glove World... I'll give the short version 

My wife had died in a car crash and I was alone. I had a young daughter but my parents kept her while I was going through the stages of grief. However the depression stage hit pretty hard. I attempted suicide 3 times, was detained for mental illness twice, and was physically forced out of my wifes grave yard twice. I began drinking, I did heroin, meth, and smoked pot, I wrecked my car, refused to drive, and was fired for never showing up at work. However something changed, I went to my dealer and got some meth and decided to go see my daughter since it was on the way home. She was so happy to see me and I realized what I was doing is NOT what my wife would have wanted. So I through it all away, moved, got a new job and in 6 months I got my daughter back. She's 16 now and I'm very happy with my life. I miss my wife, but I am blessed to have a great daughter. Lost my best friend, lost my boyfriend, lost my internship, family left the country, grades started to suffer, financial aid wasn't covering all my expenses. 

I drank wine every night to purposefully get so drunk I didn't care anymore then I cried myself to sleep.

Fortunately, 5 of those 6 things turned around in my favor. It really does get better. (My family is still out of the country). *Copy paste of my comment from another thread:*

------------------------------

I experienced a work-related burnout that was misdiagnosed and treated by a seriously incompetent doctor. 


This resulted in me spiraling down into severe depression, anxiety attacks and substance abuse, enabled by my doctor. I wouldn't wish this upon anyone, but it's very hard to describe so I'll just tell you about a specific episode (which later proved to be the turning point for me).

The depression and anxiety continued on and off for about 2 years until I could not even bring myself to leave the apartment to check my mail. My doctor was puzzled why none of the medications I was on seemed to do anything, so he prescribed one after another. He was convinced the problem was some kind of chemical imbalance that could be fixed with pills, and I was hoping he was right.

One night I finally broke down and hit rock bottom. I just sat in the darkness of my apartment, uncontrollably shaking and just wishing not to exist anymore. This was anxiety like I had never before experienced in my life. Just existing was unbearably painful in a way that I lack words to describe.


I was a complete wreck by then - but I didn't realize it. My parents (who lived in another city and were worried sick about me) finally convinced me to call the ER's psychiatric hotline and try to describe how I was feeling. The operator admitted me into emergency psychiatric care immediately.


I felt like such a failure then!

* *'Why should I be admitted, "stealing" care from the people who needs it?'*

* *'The ER staff is going to tell me to go home and stop wasting their time, I'm not really sick - it's just a simple depression and I am just too mentally weak to handle it!'*

* *'A real man would not let his emotions control him like this, I'm a complete failure!'*

* *'If my doctor only could figure out the correct drugs to prescribe, I'd get better right away! Let's try yet another one!'*


When I got to the Psych. ER., the reality finally started to sink in. Most of that year is blank - just gone from memory due to the drugs and lack of sleep - but I remember that night vividly. I was sitting alone in an examination room, waiting to meet the on-call doctor. He was delayed, and I could hear why - another patient was having a rather bad meltdown, and was running up and down the corridor while screaming in terror. His screams sounded like he was on fire or worse. It felt like a scene from a b-grade horror movie.

At that time it was strangely comforting to hear him - I remember thinking *'At least that poor guy is in the right place! Me being here is just a waste of everyone's time, I'll feel better tomorrow.'*

Then I started noticing some curious things about the examination room they had placed me in. There were no gizmos like you would expect in a normal doctors office. No curtains. No decorations what so ever in fact, besides the steel bars outside the non-opening window. I glanced at the ceiling, where the lighting was integrated and covered with thick sheets of plexiglass. There was a small table, and that was secured into the floor. The examination bed was also fixed. The realization that I had been placed in a suicide-proof room was sobering - *'Maybe I am in rather poor shape after all?'*

The doctor showed up after a while, and upon seeing my journal he took me off the cocktail of different drugs I was on at that time. (Later, I counted 13 different psychoactive drugs during that year, in different amounts and constellations.) They told me that I was welcome to stay if I wanted to, but there was really nothing they could do but sedate me so I could sleep. The thought of spending the night in that cell-like room was not very pleasant. After talking to me for quite a while longer to make sure I wasn't going home to kill myself, they let me go home. I was allowed one anti-anxiety drug which I used a while longer to get through the worst of the withdrawal of all the other drugs. Eventually it started getting better. Seeing off my parents and family before going into my brand new university accommodation.. Shit hits the fan within half a week. 

-Dropping out of university within a month due to anxiety issues

-Developing OCD to the point it was labeled as 'psychotic' and 'the worst case of OCD I've ever dealt with' by the psychiatrist. 

-Starving myself to the point you could see my ribcage visibly. 

-Spending my 20th birthday in a psychiatric hospital.  Sobbing quietly on the dining room floor on the day.

All of this happened within 10 months. If you ever develop OCD, or for that matter, any form of anxiety then Deal with it ASAP. Deal with it ASAP. Deal with it ASAP. WAY back in 2003/2004, I was in my early 20s, I'd dropped out of college, all - ALL - of my student loans were in default, I had no job, and I was 250lbs, having swollen up from 190. On the day that I got my last default notice on my last student loan, I broke down and cried for about 2 hours. I'd realized that everything I had wanted to be and do I would never be able to do, because I had placed myself in a position where I'd never be able to dig back out.

That was really the day that I finally grew up and became an adult.  It took a long time, and I've had to do without a lot of things that my friends have had the fortune to enjoy, but at this point I'm vastly better off.  I ended up getting a shitty job at Fry's, got hired out of that for a slightly less shitty job, went back to college and finished my degree, and have been slowly working up the pay scale in my career.  I've rehabilitated some of my loans, and am currently paying off the remainder. I dropped 50lbs, and regained about 15lbs of muscle.

In 2 years, I'll have all my bad debt completely paid off, and i'm slow-paying my federal loan to help continue a good credit re-build.  Maybe in 3-4 years I'll look into buying some land.

One thing I had to learn the hard way is to take personal responsibility, and to not be passive in life - there's no magical saving action that comes out of the blue, no magic bag of cash, no other person who will swoop in and take away your worries. You gotta take 'em one at a time, and solve them yourself.

 Got drunk alone. Not tipsy: Old school, black out, david cross "Answer your telephone" drunk. Called an ex girlfriend for sex. She hung up on me. Ate 15 bagel bites solo, then masturbated and passed out. Woke up with dick in hand and dried jizz all over myself. Porn still playing.

I realized that some changes needed to be made. I was about $1800 in debt with my landlord, had intentionally cut every human out of my life after trying to process being sexually assaulted. I dumped my boyfriend, withdrew, barely went to class, stopped calling my family. I got nearly blackout drunk every day.

I ended up waking up in detox the day of college graduation. Apparently someone called an ambulance after I blacked out at a school-sponsered senior cocktail party and screamed to everyone what I'd been going through, about the assault, and that I was going to kill myself. I have no memory of this. Keep in mind I'd fallen completely off the radar for these people, so it was the first time they heard me really speak much in months. Someone called an ambulance, hospital chucked me into detox.

All my teachers at graduation knew. I was so embarrassed that I ran to a bar right after, got cut off and kicked out in front of all my teachers and classmates. When I woke up, no one even wanted to hear an apology. Yeah, I got cut off two days in a row *at the same bar*.

On the upside, I'm just about 3 months sober! A little over a year ago.

Addicted to heroin for 6 years.

Lost contact with all my friends &amp; family.

Hadn't worked a day in 5 years.

Just had 20 cops bust my door in and arrest me.

No girlfriend (she left right after I got busted).

Was putting on weight (because I would sleep all day, not because I would eat a lot).

My apartment was soooo fucking disgusting. Fucking filthy.

 I was living outdoors with nowhere to go...sleeping in some god awful jungle and trying to avoid the other bums and piles of human waste that littered the area.  Drinking a lot of 40's, drinking bottom shelf bourbon, and smoking shitty rolling tobacco to stave off the hunger pangs.  Every night I feel asleep knowing that I might have to pull my knife on someone, or that I might wake up and all of my gear would be gone.

I had to hike two miles or so in and out every day to get scrounge for food and fill up on water because there wasn't a more convenient place to stay hidden and stash my belongings.  Two miles is a lot longer than it sounds in the 100 degree summer heat when you're hungry and haven't have a proper shower in weeks.

I would work side jobs as much as I could to get money for food and booze.  I did a weatherization job for two weeks in the hottest part of July, which is basically where they shove you up in some oven of an attic to staple reflective material on the underside of the roof, spray foam insulation to seal all the cracks, and get fiberglass batting all over your body in the process.  It was fucking miserable.  I had to ride a shitty mountain bike for seven miles to get "home" covered in itchy-ass fiberglass insulation every day, but it was worth it so I would have enough money to buy beer without spanging.

I eventually got back on my feet enough to get steady work.  I had a couch-surfing rotation with all of my friends so that I could sleep with a roof over my head.  I would buy and cook food for everyone in the house, then do all the dishes, thoroughly clean the kitchen out, and clean the bathrooms and the rest of the house too.  I did this in lieu of rent and my friends would always let me crash with no notice and no questions asked.

I saved up a couple thousand dollars doing this and invested it in a sizable quantity of really dank weed.  The investment grew until I could divest from my holdings and sink the cash into a security deposit on a nice townhouse.

One of the worst times was when I was in between places to stay.  I went out to the bar with a buddy after we had already been drinking.  It was a Friday night in a busy college town, and the bouncers wouldn't let us take our backpacks inside.  So, in our infinite wisdom, we decided to stash our backpacks in the bushes outside of the bar.  We got so fucking wasted that night, and I blacked out.  That backpack contained my whole life in it, including a shit ton of weed and a couple thousand dollars.  I just left it sitting under a fucking bush somewhere.  I woke up the next morning on a strange couch and had no idea where my I had left it.  I finally connected with my friend and we pieced together what had happened the night before.  Imagine my relief when I found everything right where I left it.  It was a major wake up call to get my ducks lined up before I slid back into a worse situation.

Sometime during all of this, I managed to meet the woman who would become my wife.  That stopped me from getting drunk all the time.  I started applying for better jobs so I could make something of myself for her, and I found one with a decent salary.  Now we're living in a big house on an acre and half and planning for our first child.

My dog is what kept me sane through all the bad times.

TL:DR - Weed and pussy whipped me into shape. Was diagnosed with severe depression last year. Got a sick leave of 6 months from work and school. Had to take multiple pills a day to keep me from committing suicide. For about 2-3 months I didnt get myself out of bed, everything seemed pointless. Eating, showering, answering my phone.

 Friday. 41 kg at 5'5 and the walk up to campus was becoming increasingly difficult, I was getting chest pains doing it too. I was having a safety demonstration for the lab's centrifuges and I began to pass out so had to leave early and I was sat in my supervisor's office with my head in my hands I knew I just couldn't go on this way. Any longer and I was going to end up dead by Christmas so I went and brought a sandwich and wolfed it down. 

Since then I've eaten 4 meals a day and reintroduced dairy and bread into my diet with potatoes and fruit soon to follow, I want to be healthy and I'm far from that right now. I was freebasing Heroin in a strip club parking lot at 5am after the strip club closed.  Police casually drove through the parking lot and scared the shit out of me.  Ran down an alley, jumped over a fence, fell on my way down and hit my head.  Woke up in the alley 2 hours later to a bum trying to steal the last of my dope out of my pocket.  Fought him off and made my way to the closet bus stop.  Got to the bus stop and realized I had no money.  Called my cousin, smoked the rest of my dope, and passed out on the side walk while i waited for my cousin to come pick me up.

Went into rehab the next day. My 27 year old cousin died of cancer when I was in 10th grade. Being very close to him, I went into a deep depression and would console myself by eating. By the end of the summer (He passed away in January) I had put on over 40 lbs. I've been struggling with that extra weight since then. 

However, I did turn that depression into a good outlook, and I am now a PhD student in Cancer Immunology. So the important thing to remember is that when you hit rock bottom, the only place to go is up.  My senior year of college I was living with my abusive boyfriend (emotionally, not physically).  It had started slow, getting jealous of the fact that I had friends who were male. Yelling at me and with-holding his "love" if I smiled at another man.  Then he decided I shouldn't be hanging out with my girlfriends either.  

So I made it to class some days, usually wearing grey, baggy clothing, not always showered, ect.  Started drinking and eating to fill that empty place that told me over and over I was worthless and gained alot of weight doing so (which just so happened to reinforce that thinking).  I stopped cleaning, my poor cat rarely had his litter box cleaned, the dishes grew mold.  He made me have sex with him, don't suppose it was rape because I hated myself to much too actually say no.  

I think my rock bottom was when I realized I wasn't going to graduate because I couldn't pass a (ridiculously easy) English course.  It took me months of counseling to muster up the courage and self worth to tell him to move out. It took him 3 and 1/2 weeks (keep in mind I was paying for everything, rent, electricity, water, ect) so I lived in my car for the last week of finals and crawled home after that.  In the end I had to move 4 states away to get peace.  The only time I've been back was for my gram's funeral. 

Its been three years since then and I'm happy to say I finished my degree and I'm holding down a job in my field.  I am now with someone that treats me well.  I still have days where I don't feel like I'm worth much, but most days I'm okay.  

Of course that rat bastard still owes me over $3,000 in back rent/shit he charged on my credit card, but some day I'll be free of that debt too. Moved into my new apartment, didn't have any money. Stole shower curtain rings from home depot. They were only like 3 dollars.  Lost my job, didn't have any money. Cut a large branch off a pine tree in order to have a Christmas "tree" in the house.  Flipped my car while drunk when I was 17. Got really depressed after and started drinking (more) heavily. Got addicted to Oxycodone and went to rehab in the middle of my last year in High school.Got kicked out of subsequent rehabs and picked up an IV heroin habit.Eventually I moved home going to school part time relapsing on and off. I guess its been sort of a 5 year bottom. Sorry I don't have a happy ending for you all.
 After a tough year I finally ran out of money as I wasn't making quite enough to support us and had to tell my girlfriend at the time that we didn't have enough to even buy groceries that month. 

I've never felt like such a failure like I did right then. When I was 18, and in the military(overseas), I spent most of my paycheck on calling cards to call my girlfriend back in the states. I sold everything I owned(TV, PS1, Speakers) and used that money buying more calling cards. I lived off of bread and water for 2 weeks. Girlfriend dumped me, so I took my last $5 and went to the store and bought a bottle of aspirin. Took 20(whole bottle) and started vomiting. Yes, I was trying to kill myself.  Went back to the store to buy more and finish myself off. Didn't have enough to buy another bottle.

TL;DR I'm still here Put a gun in my mouth when I was 18. I don't think I really wanted to kill myself. I think I wanted to feel in control of something. What better way to do that then put a gun in my mouth and feel in control of whether or not I'll experience anything again? I immediately realized that I'd rather live, so I put the gun away. I'm 24 now and I'm doing a lot better. I'm finishing my last year of my Bachelor's. Was about to propose I my girlfriend at the time, found out she cheated on me and had spent $5000 in my money over in couple of months to go see other guys when I thought it was to go see her parents, and then I collapsed 3 days after and went to the hospital and found out I have costichondritis. And only 1 working heart valve, the next week my house burned down... I was about to just shoot myself. It's 2 years later and I have the job of my dreams and the sky's the limit I used to cut...it got pretty bad. It went from one cut a month to once a week to 10 in a row with a box cutter (this progressed over about a year, but I had been cutting on and off for 4 years). I changed the blades after every cut session to keep it sharp, I had a little kit with bandages, rubbing alcohol, tape, steri-strips, ploysporin, the works. It got to the point where the doctor told me either you stop or you go to a mental facility. That was pretty rock bottom for me. Haven't cut in 4 years now but I still have over 100 scars on my body, 80 of which according to the doctor should have gotten stitches. 

Cool fact though: 4 years, probably 200-250 cuts, never one infection!  Worked at a county jail, got drunk and went to the same jail I worked at for  a DWI, lost everything Girlfriend of a year broke up with me after she cheated on me, hadn't told me she just didn't love me and gave me zero reason to suspect such a thing. She told me she loved me an hour before she told me she hadn't for a month.

I had been depressed for five years and she made everything better (or so I thought at the time) and she was my first real girlfriend. I was a compulsive liar and she was the first person I ever trusted fully. Her breaking up with me really fucked me up.

My grades were shit, I had no social life, I hated myself. The best thing in my life lied to me and betrayed my trust. I felt alone and at rock bottom.

But I guess my love for her made something click because instead of going into a death spiral, I created a social life, have picked up my grades, and began trusting a lot of people. I also am glad to say I have been depression free for two months, and it just feels so weird. I'm sad, yes, but the overarching apathy that consumed my entire life is gone.

So that's my story. Ugh, mine isn't as grand as everyone else's, but it is still my rock-bottom.

20 years old.  No job.  Not going to school.  Sitting at home playing Halo 2 in my swimming trunks.  Oh, and I'm also drinking.  My mom comes home and reads me the fucking riot act.  Calls me a loser.  Tells me I need to get a job.  

I don't know why, but it really hit home hard and woke me up.  I totally felt like a loser. I had lost my job, driver's license, apartment, and girlfriend in a span of a month. After couch surfing and selling off pretty much all my possessions to keep eating, I ended up moving in with a friend of a friend (an acquaintance until that point) in a terrible, run down, roach infested apartment. He let me sleep on the couch rent free. Well, turns out, this acquaintance of mine had become a skin head during the time we lost contact. I was numb, didn't really care other than the arguments we had about his ludicrous beliefs.
 
Fast forward after a few months of this. My friend was staying with us as well and it became a den of depression, I called it purgatory. Didn't hate it, didn't love it. We were living on a diet of smoking, drinking heavily almost nightly and the only real food was tortillas, garlic, and butter with the occasional meat dish to survive. I was just there. What finally got my ass out of there was the low point. My acquaintance, the skin head, had a skin head friend over. His friend disrespected his own girlfriend in front of some black gentlemen in the parking lot in the complex and in penance, asked my acquaintance to stab in in the chest twice. He came in bleeding and went to the bedroom. No police or ambulance were called. My response? In my numb state, it was simply "I should leave." Not action, not fear, not anger, not shock. Just, time to go.

I realized the next day after moving in with a very good friend of mine how messed up my state of mind was and have since turned the corner completely. I scared myself that night more than the crazy people I was living with and made the slow change for the better.

Tl;dr Crazy skin heads and depression make a pretty low point. Went to the downtown park one day feeling depressed and lonely. Ran into two punk girls I knew and decided to get drunk with them; no time for food! continue drinking and they invite me back to their house. I get there, drink a bit more and black out. Apparently I just up and walked out the door. I woke up the next morning sleeping on their back porch and its fucking cold (I'm not wearing a jacket) so I wrap my blanket around me and walk up to the sliding door and try and open it. Its locked so I knock on the door. A middle aged couple wake up and stare at me from the other side of the door. It dawns on me this is not the house I got drunk at last night. I start walking off and they open the door a crack and say "can you leave our barbecue cover?" My blanket is a barbecue cover. I don't have shoes on. My work (from home) starts in 45 minutes. I walked in sock feet for 45 minutes across town to start work. Throw up in between phone calls (I was in tech support). A couple of days later I'm in a good friends coffee shop and this lady comes up to me and says "hey, you left your shoes under our back deck. you can swing by and grab them!" My friend laughs hysterically at me because I had already related the story to her. I had to ask the woman where her house was because I couldn't remember.

 Putting a box with a sign begging for change on my desk at work so I'd have enough money to pay for gas to get there until my first paycheck came. Spent my last $10 after a fill-up on ten pounds of sausage and a flat of Ramen.  Dropped out of nursing school, and had no money to live on my own. Landed several tech jobs, but all of those "6 months to hire" jobs always cut off their new hires before they ever hit 6 months. I ended up without a job, and lost my small room rent. My sister offered to let me move in with her, but she lived 2 hours down south. I took what little money I had left and drove over. When I got there, she wouldn't answer my calls or anything (I didn't have her exact address), so I ended up having to stay with a friend. He let me stay with him for a few days until I came to the conclusion my sister wasn't going to really help me. I was forced to live in my car with my kitty for a week before my cousin and his friend let me stay with him until I got on my feet. It was extremely depressing, and I'm truly grateful for what my cousin did. Without him, I have no idea what I would have done. I have a stable job now, and couldn't be happier. **tl;dr: 21st birthday was yesterday. struggling to make it through college. broke up with long term bf recently. mom lost her job and house. we lost health insurance and our phone plans. I am sad and, for the most part, alone. I wrote this pathetic shit after too many painkillers and too much time in my own head. rock bottom for sure though.**


how will i remember my 21st birthday?


i spent the early hours of my birthday sipping wine with some friends, nursing a sore throat from a weekend bout with strep. we played video games and made a midnight taco bell run. I was generally unhappy.


i came home to silence. i had been living in silence for the past couple days. my roommates were very angry with me. i'd had a complete and total episode a few nights before. 


not to get into it to much, because this is about remembering my birthday, not about analyzing myself, but i discovered that i really long for "deep" friendships. i want to feel connection with someone on a deeper level. if i don't feel that, i don't think i consider that friendship "legitimate".


i base so much of my own self worth on my friendships though. if i don't have a lot of friends (which, at this time in my life i don't, and i've just now begun to realize that's OK), i see that as a failure on my part; something i must have done wrong. but i'm starting to understand that it would be difficult to have a lot of the specific types of friendships i want.


it's all about lowering expectations. and being less judgmental. going with the flow and faking happiness, even when i feel numb or miserable or angry or whatever other emotion. my mom keeps telling me to "choose happiness", and i keep rolling my eyes, but it's the only option i have. 


happiness isn't a physical thing that comes into our possession and then is taken. we are each responsible for our own definition of happiness, and thus we are each responsible for feeling our own happiness. we can't wait to feel it, we have to grasp for it hungrily, anywhere we may feel it. it belongs to us. to me.


it's just so hard when i'm so accustomed to tears. it's like miserable is my default emotion. i just don't know how to snap myself out of it. i spiral out of control and into a panic. an episode. it's embarrassing. when it's happening i can feel it, too. i can feel that it's too much. i just need to work on wrangling that little voice in the back of my head that says, [shutupmiley], calm it down. pull on the reins.


i just feel too violently. i don't know why. i don't know if i always have. i just know that's what's happening. i feel too much, too fast, too violently. it is violent.


anyway.

i came home to silence.

i woke up to silence.


i had called in to work the previous night, so i spent most of my day a sobbing mess in bed. slick with sweat and tears and feeling more alone than i have ever, ever felt.


each time i hit rock bottom i know i've never been that low before. each time. what does that mean? am i hitting rock bottom and digging? do i climb and fall right back down? 


a better analogy that i've kept close to me is one of keeping my head above waves. sometimes i can feel life's currents and move with them. sometimes i do well; i love swimming. but other times something changes in the water and the waves begin to slap my face. i shake off the first few, but after that my eyes begin to burn from the salt. i start to become unsteady. unsure of myself. my strong, ready strokes become weak and half-hearted. the waves continue to lap over me. before long i'm gasping for air, just desperately trying to keep my chin above the water. my eyes are wide and i know that with every wave comes the possibility of total submersion. of water filling my lungs. of my body sinking to the bottom of the ocean floor. 


that is how rock bottom feels. it feels like every coming wave is that last one. that, surely, i cannot take anymore. surely, this will be the one to send my body down and under. 


but each time, somehow, i do survive. i do manage. the waves break long enough for one deep, shaky breathe. and as weak as i become, as miserable and broken as my heart feels, i fight. does that make me strong? I feel so weak for even struggling in the first place, but endurance is something, at least.


lately - and this is nothing to be proud of - i've been toying with the idea of suicide. not with committing suicide, necessarily. but just thinking about the concept. rolling it around in my mind. for so long i viewed suicide as a selfish and unforgivable act. a "weak" act. 


i don't view it that way, anymore. i think, maybe, calling suicide "selfish" is one of the most selfish things we, as loving humans, can say. i'd almost go so far as to call suicide one of the bravest things a human can do. it's not easy to stare death in the face and welcome him. i guess i don't speak from experience. but it just can't be easy.


i've done a lot of thinking, and i guess i think that our life is ours. no one else's. it isn't a god's or our parent's or our government's. it is ours. we can do with it what we want. i think, if someone wants to end their own life... they can choose to do so. that's the essence of having a life; it is yours alone.


I toy with the idea of it and can feel that I am treading a thin line. between being desperate for attention and being dangerous.


thing is, there's that endurance thing. at least I fight. and I do. every time I almost drown, I don't. and then I keep on; I keep trying not to drown.


I drug myself out of bed. I could feel the weight of the sadness. I sent texts in every direction, I was generally unpleasant and gave no space for happiness. Perhaps I wouldn’t have found any. But I never even looked. I’m only just now seeing it.


I reached out to my roommates and was ignored. Brutally ignored. Upon further reaching out (I said I would grovel, I would beg, -- I am not a creature of pride! Somehow this shocks and offends me, in retrospect [dear god how I said this wouldn’t be an analysis… I lied], and I find myself ashamed at my own weakness, and seeming eagerness to be walked all over; to be treated as a doormat), I was rejected coldly. I can still feel the sting.


I remember saying that I would never treat them this way. And although I’m not one to be jabbering on about truthfulness and honesty, I truly meant that. I would never, could never, have stood and seen and known their hurt and not been at their side, handing out apologies whether or not they were mine to give. It’s in my nature. It’s a pull in me that’s as natural as breathing.
 First of all, creepy...because I was thinking of posting this EXACT QUESTION last night. 

Mine: I was bulimic for 5 years. (13-18) It would wax and wane as far as severity. My bottom as far as how fucked up my head got was I saw blood each time I puked (like, bits of it...not a ton) for almost a week and never told anyone. I *knew* that something was scratched. I *knew* I was putting myself at risk for esophageal rupture each time I purged. I didn't care. I sat in my room and said, out loud to myself, "I might be dying" and felt NOTHING. Looking back? It's terrifying.  I lost a thousand dollars. I was working on a project and it was office money. Naturally, I had to pay it back, amid suspicions that I used it to buy things or lent it to somebody. The gossip was horrible. And it was my first job. My mom died, ended a long term relationship, got laid off, and pinched nerves in my spine (pain is a 7 out of 10) all within a three month period.   Last May my mom had a massive stroke. It has torn my family up pretty badly. I thought I handled it well for what it was. I took a big role in helping my family move past it. Over a year later and her recovery has been extremely slow, with almost no progress.

About 2 months ago something just clicked, and suddenly I realized how much the stroke had changed me emotionally. Its weird how until I recognized there was an issue, there was no issue. Looking back I can see a steady decline in my overall well-being. I've gained over 40lbs from stress eating, lost connection with all my friends, and started getting daily panic/anxiety attacks that would last longer and longer.

My lowest was leaving work nearly in tears for no apparent reason, and it suddenly dawning on me I needed help.

2 months later I've been on meds that have blocked all my previous anxiety attacks, and I'm focusing on losing the weight I gained. Plus having an amazing girlfriend who I'm still baffled has stuck with me through the whole decent. Got sad, got depressed. No real reason for it, everything was fine, you know the score. I dressed one day for sixth form (17 at the time) in my favourite suit, always made me feel confident, did my hair smart. Was just about ready to leave the house for an average day, then I thought: "Fuck it, I'm not doing this any more. There's no point." 

So, I stood, staring at the wall in my bedroom for about an hour, when my mother noticed I was still there. She asked me what was wrong and I just stayed silent. This progressed, after a while I tried to explain, I didn't want to do anything any more. Mum didn't understand, no surprises. Dad was in Spain, he called from there to try and talk me out of it, said if I wasn't going to school any more then I'd have to get a job, he'd have to come home. I said, no, you don't understand, I'm not dropping out of school, I would like to be left alone to stare at this wall for the rest of my life. Still, no one understood. Head of sixth form called from school (mum had called the school) said I should come in. I gave up, doing nothing turned out to be harder than doing something. So, I put my fake face back on, the following day I went into school, got some bullshit talk about how everything "isn't pointless if you put personal meaning into it" from head of sixth form, continued on pretending that's anything like true. 

Not sure what I think nowadays. I pretty much answered this in another thread: 

At the height (low) of my eating disorder, was walking 30,000 steps every day. I think my highest was 31,000. Every time I hit a new number I had to reach that or higher for the following day or I would fail. Naturally, it got high very quickly. I injured my foot but kept going so that I could still eat but have a net calorie intake of 0 or below. Woke up at 5 in the morning every day to start, and went to sleep real early. Thought I was fat at 87 pounds and lifted my shirt to my mom to prove my obesity to her. She promptly started crying. 

I threw up in plastic bags and hid them in my closet to get rid of later, threw up in the shower, threw up in public bathrooms, had a rage meltdown over being made to eat 20 calories of some flax oil thing, lied so well that I lost track of what was really going on. 

Food was an obsession and an enemy. Everything revolved around numbers and my body: my weight, measurements, number of steps, weight lost in x number of days, weight left to lose, heart rate, blood pressure, how pronounced my hipbones and ribs and collarbones were, how my jeans fit, were they saggy enough?, how much to eat, when to eat, how much not to eat, when not to eat, how to convince everyone I had eaten, how to eat everything and do I have enough time to throw it all back up? I was a mess. 

Protip: don't get an eating disorder. They suck and they don't go away. They ebb and flow and they eventually kill you. I'm no longer at rock bottom but I'm on my way down and fast if I don't figure myself out.  
 When I moved out on my own for the first time I would steal toilet paper from public restrooms. I was deep into prescription opiate painkillers and I was downing a bottle of codeine straight and the taste made me throw up all over the inside of my car. I lost most of my friends and was completely broke. I'm doing a lot better now. Off drugs minus some weed and tobacco products. I feel a lot better. But it was tough.  I had this grand plan since I was 4 to make video games. So that was my motivation for the next 16 years of my life. Went to college for game programming, and flunked out. I couldn't really handle my plan being derailed so hard and after so many years, so I spent an evening drinking some beer sitting in an open windowsill in my 7th story apartment/dorm thing; thinking some unsavory (and in retrospect, embarassing) thoughts. 'Rock bottom' ended about two years laterwhen I stopped tailspinning, found a job that wasnt dead end fast food, and moved out of an exceedingly toxic apartment/living situation had landed in shortly after I flunked out. I've hit rock bottom man. Didn't realise my rock bottom also had a basement.  The first time that I literally ate until I threw up. Sadly I stayed at rock bottom for some time before I climbed back up.   Ask me again in about 6 months.  I'll tell you as soon as it's over. Once you hit rock bottom the only logical course is to dig deeper. Heroin here I come.  TL;DR Girlfriend left me nearly bankrupt.  Moved from PA to WI to OK with only what I could fit in my car, lived with my parents in WI.  Slept on a floor for a few weeks in OK until I could afford a bed. Severe depression which lasted 3 years, Panic attacks, anxiety attacks, poor health, dealing with death in the family, best friend went out with the girl I loved - the works. 

I considered killing myself because the attacks were so bad. Ironically enough my depression saved me, I was depressed for so long that I became emotionally dead, I had gone way past the point of suicide, because nothing mattered any more. Everything was bottled up, I didn't let my emotions out, the emotions people did see were all put on for show so they wouldn't worry about me.

In the end I thought to myself 'I'm tired of being like this.' so I gave up on everything, cut out my friends to see who still cared for me and completely reinvented myself. The way I saw it was that if nothing really mattered, it wouldn't matter if I failed in the process. I'm so glad that I did, I got a new style, confidence, all of the fair weather friends in my life were gone and I finally started to prioritize my own happiness.

I don't ever want to ever feel that way again, I wouldn't wish it on anyone. Well, this story sucks. My first true love in my 20s was basically the worse time of my life. I had no idea the power of loving someone and being as vulnerable as I was. She gave up quite a lot to be with me and move to Illinois. We were attending a private college and it wasn't what she thought it would be. 

Seeing how sad she was and how she felt she did not fit in, I decided we could transfer somewhere into the Chicago area. About 2 months of living together was all it took for us to completely resent and hate one another. We would get in screaming matches where cops were called. It was to the point where I couldn't even be nice without her lashing out at me. I'd be hit, scratched, slapped, punched and she would disappear sometimes for days. I was a sap and would welcome her back every time. I still to this day can not describe how it feels on a masculinity level to be abused by a woman and feel absolutely helpless. It's a feeling of just complete shock and knowing you could do something about it, but not wanting to. 

I finally lost it and pushed her into a wall one day. It signified our break up because it scared the shit out of me. Broke our lease, cost me 2500 dollars. Moved back home with my parents, started drinking every single day. When it was time to go back to college, it occurred to me I had to move back to Chicago, go to the school she chose and attempt to establish friends while living alone and having no self esteem. 

I made it somehow. I have no fucking clue how. I spent an entire year not having friends, living alone and slipping under the radar in class. I'm a fairly extroverted person as well, so it was like a prison.  Drinking handle of vodka every day, became so weak I actually got exhausted holding head up, vision was whiting out so that I would be temporarily blind (only for a couple minutes at a time). This went on for a few days.

Rock bottom was the day I needed more alcohol, on my way to the car I dropped my keys, fell when I bent to pick them up and couldn't get up/move for 30 seconds or so. When I finally got up I made it to the car and headed to the liquor store. As I was driving out of my complex my vision whited out, so I stopped and waited for it to return. Made it to store, vision whited out again as I was pulling out. Waited for vision to return, drove home, drank.

Went to doctor a couple days later for unrelated issue, receptionist said "You don't look well." Said I didn't feel too well actually, they checked blood pressure it was around 80/40, called an ambulance. Took me to hospital, had jaundice, anemia, liver failure. Stayed in hospital 2-3 days, car still at doctor's office. Released, walked back to car, bought a bottle of whiskey on the way home.

Fortunately it was the last bottle of alcohol I've purchased. not me, but a GF I recently lost to meth.

The start of the year, I met a pretty girl, found out she did meth but continued to date her. At the time, she didn't work, no money, poor part of town in a duplex, that she wasn't paying rent on (landlord felt pitty?).   She used meth everyday, then got arrested twice for no license, no insurance, no tags, show she decided she would stop driving finally.  She would get her fix about once a week to keep her 'somewhat' happy with her drug habit. She didn't look for work once!  But, I continued to date her for a total of 8 months.  Eventually, she got an eviction notice and asked her to move in with me... well, her supply stopped coming around once a week, so it made her extremely volitile, mood swings from hell, severly depressed, etc.  She knew that her hometown far away had plenty of meth to go 'round... so, she called an ex-boyfriend that treats her like his weekend meth whore... she goes to him, slam fucks for for a few days, kicks her out, and now she is sleeping on friends couches, living out of a bag of clothes... and continues to look for her next fix!    I told her I loved her and would be there for her... but, she knows I won't give her meth, and she is completely okay with what she's doing... just as long as she can smoke meth every once in a while.    She lost everything! But is happy with her meth.   Sure, the ex comes around every couple of weeks to get her high, slam fucks the shit out of her for a few days high on meth,  but kicks her out after a few days. Rinse, repeat.  I was in a really bad frame of mind for a really long time, but didn't realize it until I broke down. Everything seemed to hurt me, physically and mentally. I couldn't handle being me anymore. I couldn't stand who I was. I missed a lot of school, didn't have any friend, and I was slowly tearing myself away from my family. The only thing I truly cared about was playing Sims and writing. 

One day, I refused to get up and go to school. My mom took away my laptop for the day. I couldn't handle it, even for just one day. I seriously considered ending my life that day. 

My sister had to wrestle a knife away from me, and several bottles of pills. I ended up in the hospital for about a week, and finally got the help that I needed.  I have no idea. I will say the worst ive ever felt was when my girlfriend of a year and a half found out I cheated on her a year in. I am usually a pretty nice guy, but it really made me evaluate how I treat women.

Damn, that was the worst night of my life. But in a way, I'm glad it happened. Now ive been single for about six months, so I'm glad I know how to handle honesty and temptation the next time I'm with someone I care about. I was briefly committed to an institution for disturbed and delinquent youth after head-butting an assistant principal in the face. There, I proceeded to brawl and make escape attempts before emerging as a fairly well-adjusted pacifist. 

I'm no longer a strict pacifist, but I am better-adjusted than I've ever been before.  enrolled in a degree i grew to hate because my parents decided my passion wasn't a job guarantee, and i wanted to appease them. years of hell later wasting scholarship and burning out, my typical baseline depression has gone from tolerable to bad. also developed anxiety from the stress of doing something i hated everyday, and withdrew from everyone.  

fell in love. took emotional abuse, gaslighting, and neglect daily for two years as insecurity grew. he just left me, and despite everything i know about it being best for me, i can't get over it. my increasing depression made me totally dependent on the happy moments we had aside from the crap. i am forced to be around him most days. bad depression now very bad. 

my best friend just got raped, and i can't be an adequate support system because of my own less traumatic issues, making me feel like a total piece of shit. making very bad depression intolerable and adding guilt to the mix. 

now spending most days in bed. cry and beg the ex to see me. trying to support friend but pulling away unintentionally. smoke weed for day-sleeping, sleeping pills for night. sleep ~18 hours a day. stopped going to classes. have no attention span, no motivation, no appetite, no energy. can't answer phone because i cry when i talk now, and i don't want to alert anyone to what's going on. when i do have to make appearances, the a-okay facade is taxing and waning.  

worst part is i have everything going for me and that makes me all the more guilty. i'm smart, funny, cute, and have a fortunate life. i should be happy. but every day has been a lie for so long now, and i'm just sick of trying. i think this is the feeling of rock bottom, when nothing external is enough to save you from your internal issues  In 07 I was in an abusive relationship where he confiscated my paychecks. I didn't have money for lunch &amp; what he didn't use to pay our rent was spent on drugs. All he would buy for food was milk(which was HIS and I was not allowed to drink), rice, baloney, and frozen vegetables. I was allowed to drink water only. I babysat his son during the day while he worked, and I would cook us both rice &amp; veggies with fried baloney. I seasoned it with a bit of garlic salt &amp; it was actually not that bad. The boy seemed to like it too.

Side note- I LOVED his son. He was 2 back then &amp; he was the sweetest little goober. I hated my life, I woke up every day wishing for death, but being able to play mommy to this darling child got me through the day. His dad treated us both like shit &amp; would get mad at me if I fed the kid too much, he honestly thought this totally normal 2 year old child was *fat*. I don't even... but anyway, I digress.

I was pretty malnourished back then, skin &amp; bones, and I had to stand up slowly to avoid passing out. Like I said before I had no lunch money so when I went to work from 4-9 pm at the local Radio Shack, I didn't have anything to snack on for the whole shift. I'm embarrassed to admit this, but some days I would get so hungry that I'd eat food that was left out in the break room. I ate a half-eaten brownie once, bitten area &amp; everything, and another time I ate a half-rotten apple. 

That was definitely rock bottom for me. Luckily I was able to extricate myself from that situation a few months later. I think the starvation did some permanent damage though, because within one year I developed hypoglycemia and hypothyroidism.  My current boyfriend: 6 years ago his 6 year relationship came to a rocky end. Yadda yadda he was depressed and living in the corner in his band's practice space. Stopped caring about everything, drank a bunch, would jerk off all the time and clean himself up with a black hoodie and then wear it everywhere every day. He never washed it. The front was stained white from cum. He did not care. 

I still cringe knowing that the man I am with has done this. Why am I on the floor? Christ my head hurts. One text "we need to talk". I have to pee. My boxers are gone but my pants are still on. This was a weird weekend. I never found my socks.  When I was tying my own noose.... I once had to use Internet Exlporer. It was dreadful.  Speed bender during highschool. It was only 3 days long but my dick stopped being normal and I looked like a crack addict.

It was last week. If Masturbated with a banana peel. one year ago in august i was admitted to a psych ward after trying to off some old friends after they accused me of taking a video game. now on top of debt from school and medical bills, i cant get my car insured or registered because it needs to be smogged, but i cant do that until my thermostat housing is fixed (engine light), but i lost my job and all resources were going to rent and food. this was at the end of december. im unemployed until april, but the new job pays more than the last- YES!.... until i got fired because i wasnt a fit for the position after three months. all the money i made during that time went to family who lent me money and my SO who basically took care of me, along with the rent and food. since august 2013 ive been outta the job, looking for literally anything, work odd jobs here and there but nothing to survive on, had one offer so far ($25 an hour!) but someone tried to scam me for my identity (FUCK YOU M&amp;D LIGHTING), and i just went to court yesterday for one of two tickets i received whilst driving my car with expired tags and insurance (I KNOW I SHOULD HAVE THE FUCKING BOOK THROWN MY WAY FOR THIS) and just added about 2 grand onto my now crushing debt and the collectors are calling.... i went from eating three-four times a day to once, sometimes not at all (i attribute this to the depression), ive been noticing that my fuse is extremely short and i have began to cause more problems in my relationship due to not being able to provide for myself or my SO (even though she has no problem taking care of my sad sap ass) and i mean this when i say it, guys, you want my girlfriend, i have NEVER  met a woman so understanding and caring, she is absolutely amazing in bed too, and i am sitting here typing to the world how i am fucking it up!!! 


i dont know what to do, ever since i failed out of college i havent been the same person. i cant find work, im starving, i stink, ive been laying in bed on reddit since 7 this morning because the thought of filling out another job application only to be turned away is just so unattractive to me right now. the worst part about all of this is that im trying so fucking hard to maintain a positive attitude for the people around me that i feel like im gonna just pop and go postal again like last year... 

i need guidance, i need someone to tell me how much of a fuck up i have been, but to show me how the hell to get out of it. i need help but i dont ask because everyone is busy living their own lives that they should not have the burden of assisting me up and out of the grave i dug myself into. 

I just want to be happy... i dont want to be a burden on anyones emotions anymore.... i just want to wither away and die... i want to hurt everyone in my life one last time, because in my eyes the burden of seeing someone you love die eventually gets easier to cope with, rather than seeing someone like myself constantly fuck up and hurt those around me. my logic says one very bad fuck up is better than a thousand medium fuck ups, i just want to fuck up one last time and off myself, just so i know they will eventually forget about me and live a more fulfilling life.


thanks for posting this.... even over a keyboard i am apprehensive to put down my real thoughts and feelings.  I won a free resort stay at a getaway in Koh Samet. My buddy and I went late in the season so, when we saw that nobody else was swimming in the ocean, we thought it must be because it's too chilly for them.

Turns out we were wrong - the tide went out while we were swimming, and we were forced to walk over hundreds of razor-sharp rocks (that we had previously swam over) to get back to our resort. Our feet were cut up and hurt for days. It's a bit of a White Whine, but here goes:

I'd been studying in Europe and completely let myself go. At the end of my time there, I spent my last 60 bucks on a commuter flight to Paris. I was sneaking into a hostel to sleep and stealing multiple of their breakfast baguettes to feed me throughout the day. There were serious moments when I thought I'd be there the rest of my life.

Then I finally borrowed a Scottish girl's laptop, Skyped my father, and he wired me enough money to get back to Prague to catch my flight home.

Two years later I graduated college... those were probably worse rocks at the bottom. At two points: when I realized my life was the same because my thinking and my actions were the same and when I realized in my heart that my decisions and actions have consequences: good actions means good consequences, bad actions means bad consequences.

Pretty elementary stuff, but I guess I'm still pretty stunted. I lost my job, I was flooded out by Hurricane Sandy, and maybe 100 bucks to my name, and was denied unemployment benefits. Not to mention while coming back from an interview, I hit a pothole (gotta love New Jersey Infrastructure), damaged my front end to where I had to take it to the shop (more money). That's my rock bottom, however, it isn't as bad as others.

Almost a year later, I have a full-time job. My car still sucks, but it is running. We live in an apartment on the 3rd floor, and I am making a little bit of money (not as much as I would wish). Mine may not be nearly as tragic as others.... and im still young, but in sophomore year in high school nearly everyone in my family gave up on me graduating and i was about to drop out because it hurt for everyone giving up. After a few weeks my few close friends were there for me and i turned around and graduated with better grades ive ever had in my entire life. Was in mddle of going downhill with drugs too All in the same month:

* Got a DUI
* Girlfriend moved out
* Got 5ths disease
* Lost my job

So I woke up in bed, covered in splotchy/itchy sores... with no job.... Court paperwork on the floor next to me.. and pretty much empty apartment. 

I had about 2months of rent on me... had to move out. Credit card debt went from 8grand to about 20grand because they raised my interest rate to the extreme. 

Good times... I was unemployed for about 1year.. then I got a new job (nightshift 12 to 8am) .. then got a 2nd job (8am to 4pm).. and worked both jobs back-to-back for a while to pay off all my debt and dig back out of that whole. 

Fuck you life. (I'm doing better now.. thanks) My rock bottom was probably in 2008 when I was so sleep deprived, heartbroken and malnourished that I had powerful hallucinations, caught myself talking to a wall, woke up once with no idea how i got there, etc. Very nearly got hit by a city tram, which may very well have offed me.

Had to quit school and move back home to my moms place, and spend the next year or so recovering physically and mentally. Not as bad as a lot of peoples. But being the night janitor at Wal-Mart was so bad it finally made me go back to school and start pursuing my dreams.

Seriously though scrubbing shit off a toilet at two in the morning for 7 bucks an hour. Then going home to a shared one bedroom apartment (I got to sleep on the fold out couch in the living room!) was a pretty terrible experience. I am a long time addict (anything pushing dopamine makes me all sorts of crazy) but am normally a really caring and nice guy with no enemies.

I had a girlfriend who had a 3 year old son. She was going through multiple horrible surgeries. At the time I was living with some friends while one of them was out of town. My girlfriend and my out of town roommate had moved here together and known each other for what might as well been forever.

I was struggling with a ton of self induced chemical depression after getting back into smoking speed and heroin. I was wanting to quit, but having my girlfriend's seemingly unlimited supply of morphine and oxy's wasn't helping. She would give me a couple here and there, but I knew where they were. I started grabbing a couple each time I came to visit. And each time I had a battle with myself, but the worse part of me always won. I kept eater her pills. She called me on it indirectly and I lied to her face... twice.

I felt like the fuckhead I was acting like, but couldn't stop. I didn't want to leave her in pain with no way of helping. So I started sneaking into my roommates room knowing he had a stash. I came accross a bunch of my favorites: adderall &amp; oxy's, but I went for the Suboxon to try to stop. I kept going in there, eventually eating all the oxy's, adderall, and suboxon. Each time not being able to stop myself from doing it. It was like watching from outside of my body with no control. And each time, I rationalized with, "I can totally get these back to him before he get's home in 2 months". 

Well I ended up eating everything in there (at least $1,000 worth of a loved ones medication). When he got back, I ignored what i had done, hoping somehow he wouldn't notice, knowing full well I was on borrowed time.

I had lived with the guilt so long that I couldn't get myself to say anything. This was right after Christmas, so snow on the ground and cold in the air. Just before new years, he confronted me about it. I continued to deny it and lie straight to his face. Eventually he got me to confess, and damn did that feel amazing. As I sat there getting my face pummeled in over and over, I could only think, "Well fuck, I deserve this." Then I was kicked out with only the clothes on my back.

I am almost done paying them back for their monetary loss, though I will never be able to make up for betraying them. Not a day goes by that I don't think (almost every hour) how much of a fuckhead I was and how much I wish I hadn't fucked over the people I love.

I do love them, and I love them even more for trying to teach me a lesson on fucking over family. It hurts being exiled, but I wouldn't want me around either when acting like that.

Almost a year later, I am off opiates and speeds. I still feel the urge every day, and with that the regret. I guess it helps to keep my sober. I still see opportunities to steal from people, but this rock-bottom experience keeps me from blindly succumbing to those urges. Now to keep up the good work. Thank you to those who read the whole thing. Went to this place called "Rock Bottom" a bar in Honolulu, wo watch my friend's band play. Drank too much, went to a club after, drank more, and ended up literally at rock bottom after going to rock bottom. shitty day the next day. Being trapped in a mental hospital next to a  skitzofrienic woman yelling at everyone and a murderer coming down off a meth binge.   Burning a stove ring into my hand black out drunk.. Let's just say you don't stay blacked out offer that..  At age 20, diagnosed with cancer, had my leg amputated, dropped out of school, moved in with my dad in the suburbs, started 12 months of shitty chemo. 

It was a rough year for sure, glad I made it through, definitely felt helpless on many occasions.  I once kicked a rock and it flipped over Walked out of the emergency exit door by mistake at the top of a 60 story building. Had to walk down 40 flights to ground exit. Next day couldn't walk, had to call in. Got me fired. Couldn't find work, became evicted. Moved in with friend for year after finding job, lived paycheck to paycheck on his couch. Moved into a shitty house now working minimum wage with no hot water, house falling apart and infested with cave crickets. No heat in the winter lead to me and my two dogs  living under a blanket with a space heater.

From there I decided I'd move back to my hometown as anything was better. I packed everything up, drove for 14 hours, and my new living arrangement was worse with two disgusting cousins who lived in a pig sty. Then car died, forcing me to lose my job at Staples. Had to move back home with brother who hates dogs. So I lost my two dogs, my job, my car, and all of my friends over the course of a few months. Quite recently. I had already been a huge pot head and I was constantly getting kicked out of my house, eventually my mom just made me live with my grandparents long term. This could've been the best thing that ever happened to me, but I fucked it up and took advantage of them. I started smoking in my room, not giving a fuck and going out every night to get shit faced. I started doing harder drugs once I ran out of weed. Started with oxycodone. 

My grandpa had 2 left in a pill bottle that he no longer needed and had just been sitting there for a while I guess. I took one and snorted it, nothing prepared me for how incredible the feeling was. I had never gone past weed and alcohol before this, so this was pretty new to me. I was suddenly extroverted, happy, I gave even less fucks than before. I started getting into coke and stealing opiates from all of my friend's houses. Any pills I could get a hold of I'd go back to my grandparents and snort or parachute them. I started getting into benzos which I got hooked to fairly quickly. Unlike oxycodone I could get xanax and ativan pretty easily, so I had a constant supply. My grandparents had no idea what to do. They gave me all their trust and I blew it at the start. 

I eventually got kicked out when my grandpa found some weed I had that I had sprinkled a bunch of xanax on, which he didn't know. He smoked it and stayed up all night rolling around in his bed because not only was he not used to smoking chronic, but he had never touched a benzo in his life, and there was a lot mixed with the bud because I was a pretty big fan of my xany blunts. I don't think he kicked me out because of that, he was already planning to and he just needed any reason he could, which I absolutely deserved. 

So I get kicked out of my grandparents house and end up at my mom's shitty apartment, we've always had a horrible relationship so this was doomed from the start as well. She caught me rolling a joint one night in my room, freaked out because she had no prior experience with drugs and called the police. They took all my weed, didn't find all the pills I had, and left. I was pissed. It was the day before thanksgiving so that holiday was pretty much ruined. After break I went back to school and for some reason I decided that it would be a good idea to take 12 ativan at once. Horrible decision. Ativan isn't a very pleasant high to begin with compared to xanax. I blacked out for over 24 hours. I woke up in a psych ward. Apparently I went to school, had to be carried to the nurse by my friends, and went to the hospital where they locked me in a small room because I was scaring all of the other patients. I had been to the psych ward once before so I was expecting it, but I was pissed. 

I had to face withdrawl in the psych ward surrounded by other fucked up kids so that was pretty terrible. No one in my family even knew that I was doing anything other than smoking weed. Not even my grandpa, he just thought the weed he smoked was really strong or synthetic. After two weeks I got let out of the psych ward and the day after I went straight to rehab for 2 and a half months. Came out, stayed completely clean for 2 more months, then started smoking everyday again. I've taken a few ativan since then and I occasionally drop acid or eat some shrooms every now and then, but other than that I'm strictly a smoker. 

I've finally come to the point where I can balance drugs, school, and my home life. Maybe I can function better while high than before and that may be it, but it doesn't matter. I'm doing much better now. I'm turning 17 this month. All that shit happened about a year ago. It feels like it's been much longer than it has been. I'm proud of myself though, mostly because my family is. Still have pretty bad depression, but I'm dealing with it and making better decisions and changes for the better.  My rock bottom moment is when I almost failed grade 10 (serious)  Drinking until I blacked out every single day, until I decided enough was enough and I attempted suicide. Twice. Then there was the depression that followed those 2 failed suicide attempts. I'm 19 months sober now and while I am nowhere even near the top, I haven't contemplated suicide in sometime even while I continue to deal with the depression.  About a year ago.  I was suffering from depression and self medicating with alcohol.  I was spending all of my money at liquor stores or bars, and not paying my bills or rent.  I hadn't even done laundry in weeks because I didn't have the change to do it.  Then my car got repossessed.  That night as I was walking the six miles home from work, with one contact in because I lost the other one, and most of a stolen box of wine in my backpack, I realized what a fucking loser I had become.  I moved back in with my parents not long after that, and haven't had more than 3 beers in several months.   Waking up in the hospital after attending a party with the theme *party like a rockstar* Sophomore year of college. On the anniversary of the day my father passed away. I was already stressed, depressed, and anxious, but that day put me over the tipping point. Tried to kill myself. Thankfully, my girlfriend at the time pulled the knife away from me. Started therapy again, antidepressants, all that stuff, and I'd like to think I'm doing alright for myself now. But that was the lowest point in my life that I can remember.  I was three years into heroin, a year without friends, and a couple months without a job. Then I lost heroin. Even now that I'm back on track, ending an addiction like that has left me with an aching heart. I'm still in love with the drug.  Right now I'm at my rock bottom for my college career, currently guaranteed a fail for one of my classes and already dropped another. Life sucks. Fortunately I had a good previous academic year so the hole i've dug for myself isn't too deep. I was 19. My parents had gone through a messy divorce which they stuck me in the middle of. I had already been suffering with depression but after this it got infinitely worse. I couldn't get out of bed, I couldn't function. My fiance couldn't handle it and ended up leaving which lead me in to a downward spiral. 

My mom, who was dealing with her own demons post divorce, lost it on me. We had a massive blowout where she came in to my room and started throwing things at me in bed and hitting me. I got up and walked out of the house in my pajamas. She told me to never come back. I walked across town to my best friends house where I proceeded to live with her and her family for 6 months. However, I still wasn't dealing with my depression but was attempting to remain in school. Rock bottom came when I got kicked out of my program at University. I had always been an honour roll student with lots of friends. Now I was a broken shell of a human being, sleeping on my friend's floor. I was ruining my future. I felt like I had no reason to live. So I took a bottle of pills. 

Obviously I survived and things actually got better. It was definitely a turning point in my life.  Already depressed. Then my father died. Then my girlfriend left. I was 17. I was suicidal, in a mental hospital. I wanted nothing more than to die. I stood in the shower convinced that there was no other way, I couldn't bear the excruciating pain anymore. That was the scariest moment of my life. I stood there watching the water run down the drain and thought to myself "this is the moment. this is the very bottom. you can decide to fight and get better, or you can decide to give up. in this moment you have to choose."

It seems like an easy choice but it was the hardest decision I have ever made. I stood there crying not knowing what to do. Deciding to live would mean a long, long time of fighting like hell against the darkness when I felt like I had no strength left. But that is what I decided to do. The tiny, miniscule hope I had in the back of my mind that MAYBE one day this pain would end made me decide to stick around and see what happened.

Exactly a year later (to the day) I am doing much better. It was a rough fight, for months I would have to remind myself over and over that I had already made my decision and there was no going back. Glad I didn't.


Thing about rock bottom is there is nowhere to go but up. Out of high school I met the wrong crowd, got addicted to coke and painkillers. 

Met a breathtakingly beautiful girl, swooned her over and continued to date her. As the months went by my addictions worsened. I overdosed and woke up with a note confessing her own problems. 

She has been sleeping with one of my brothers, and she left me for him. Our apartment key and her promise ring were with the notes. Everything I had; my brother, my girlfriend, my apartment, my health and after that overdose and medical bills, my money.  

That was my rock bottom, 3 years after everything I got clean. I found a girl that I'm starting things over with, but my brother and her are still no where to be found.  Was living with a buddy of mine, his Mom was paying the rent and bills. He was unemployed, and I was too. His Mom found out I was living there and told him to kick me out. I ended up climbing a roof access ladder at a nearby convenience store and slept on the roof of the building so I wouldn't have to sleep in the mud. It was December, in the 30s at night, no car, no blankets etc....

Yeah, it sucked. But it only lasted a couple weeks. Eating an ampm cheeseburger alone in my new apartment, reading old class syllabi for entertainment because the internet wasn't up yet. I knew it was all uphill from there. Began drinking all the time due to depression anxiety and other matters, one night after partying decided to drive home, last thought I had in my head before I smashed into a telephone pole and destroyed my car was, nobody would give a damn if I died maybe if I did everyone would be better off, and I wouldnt have to deal with this. Like an idiot I had remembered to put on my seatbelt before I left.... Doing much much better now and starting to regain control of my life again and changing so much than how I was before After several years of anorexia I eventually suffered cardiac arrest.  I survived, ended up in rehab and the rest is history. I was rejected by a midget.  She came on to me until I made my move then nothing but air.  Im right in the middle of it. My ex and i broke up about four months ago, i subsequently fell back into drug addiction, lost my apartment, drank what little savings the ex didn't take, lost my apartment and a few friends, nearly died while blackout drunk (twice), nearly lost my job and just generally hate myself. Lets see if i can claw my way back up, now taking bets on whether i live.

Tl;dr will suck dick for whiskey. Starting to descend now. Lost my job of 27 years for a reason they would not say, and the snob employers in the area won't hire me maybe for age, or some other fucktard reason. Or perhaps that is not the reason, but there are lots of dev jobs in the area and I get no callbacks. What, I don't match the qualifications 100%? Like who does? Ever heard of training, idiots? Just cause you are a fancy startup does not mean you can treat people like shit.

I am a sysadmin and a developer.

Would not be so bad but family depending on me. A couple weeks ago, I did the math and realized in about 5-6 months, I've spent about 15k on heroin. (I live in a remote location where drugs are obscenely expensive, due to the difficulty in getting them here.) I'd say that feeling, at that point of realization, was rock bottom for me. So now I am currently trying to get out of the hole I made. Get out of debt, get off the shit, get back to myself. I didn't shower or leave the house for a week. Almost had enough saved up to buy that engagement ring. Found out girlfriend was cheating on me. How? The guy she had been cheating on me with thought I should know that she cheated on him with *another* guy. Probably no one will see this or care... but...

**Rock bottom**: Last weekend I got blackout drunk and ended up throwing things at my boyfriend, shoved him away, ran away from him, hid in a driveway, tried walking back to his place, gave up and fell face first in the grass  and mud and cried, had some lady who I STILL don't know where the voice came from ask if I was OK before I got up and tried to find my way to my boyfriend's house. The weekend before that I had a pretty serious crying episode, mild panic attack and self mutilated. Between these two weekends I didn't go to class and slept. A lot. Like 12 - 14 hours each day. Woke up wide awake to cry randomly in-between those 12 - 14 hours. Stared at the wall crying a lot. Almost had a few more panic attacks. I had to call someone in to work a few times because I was too upset.

**Set up**:

*  My mom is going through chemo. After finding out her cancer wasn't as severe as feared I had my first panic attack. Finally realized how worried I was. A month or so later I moved out for the first time and away to a 4 year college. Only an hour away, but now my mom is going through chemo and I can't be there, I'm seeing my boyfriend less, I'm seeing my friends less. I have slowly realized that before she gets better she is going to get worse. I forgot about that. So it's been really hard seeing her skin change color, watch her hair fall out. She tried on a wig for me and I couldn't build her up as much as I would have liked. I couldn't make her feel better..

* At the same time my work place has made me feel under appreciated and undervalued. Long story short everything has been back and forth regarding my demotion (due to moving) and pay. My DM decided to demote me in the system without checking with my SM and looking at the schedule. So even though I worked as management I got paid minimum wage. Shouldn't get paid minimum wage anyways because I have been there for 4 years and am only demoting because I moved for school. He never emailed me back about my concerns. I contacted HR and the rep called me within an hour (hmm.. finally someone thought my pay was important). Still waiting since the DM was on vacation but I hope he gets in trouble.
* Found out my boyfriend had a thing with the very attractive girl he is in two bands with. This was before he met me. I never thought he was cheating or would, but I instantly imagined him having feelings for her and wanting to be with her. I imagined emotional cheating. Way worse than physical cheating, but harder to control. We have since talked it over, and I'm really not upset anymore, but she was starting to act jealous and was trying to get his attention so it's still an issue. And probably will be for a while, either until she gets bored with him again, or their music careers separate. For now she has told him he shouldn't date me because a fellow bandmate has said the same thing (he WAS present at my drunken melt down so that's not that hard to understand). But she also thinks I am trying to get between my boyfriend and the band because of her. She wants his attention so she wants to be an issue in our relationship, but I still would like to try and get her to see I don't want that at all. I want him to be happy and successful and she is talented so I want them working together. I just want her to back off a bit. 
* Back to my mom. I couldn't tell her how much all this was bothering me because she has a lot going on. Her brother found out he had cancer at the same time and her 80 year old dad is having serious marriage troubles. HIs wife of 20 years has gone crazy, decided she no longer cared about him or us and is after his money. Just last week my mom had to sit in on a meeting between them and listen to this woman (who used to be my grandma up until a couple months ago...) talk about how she didn't care about him or the fact that two of his children are dealing with cancer.

It has just been a lot to deal with in a very short time. And I already don't handle stress very well. I think everything is going to be ok though. My boyfriend has forgiven me for being a horrible, drunk girlfriend. My mom WILL be ok eventually. I have finally realized I will see her get sick before she gets better. HR is finally involved in work so that will get settled. My uncle's cancer isn't too bad either. My grandpa has lots of family that DOES care about him. It just sucks that I feel so weak due to not being able to handle it all. Yeah, it is a lot, but so many people go through worse things. I just have to remember that. And remember it will all be ok. I already feel a lot better. I finally told my mom how upset I was and it lifted a huge weight off my shoulders. So I think it will get better from here.
 New medication made me a zombie until my mentor asked if I was okay. Started sobbing and almost ended it. Had my suicide planned.  Zip tie my hands and feet while leaning off a bridge rail. Shoot myself in mouth.  Fall backwards off of rail into water to look like I was killed so my family wouldn't have the shame or guilt to deal with.   I was too depressed to kill myself. :/ A few months ago after struggling with depression and what not, I tried to kill myself. 

My ex took me to the hospital and stayed with me as much as he could. 

I feel like the highlight was not only puking up two trashcans worth of charcoal/pills, but that my boob was also hanging out. 

 Not as bad compared to others. Drank a bottle of vodka, decided I should kill myself, downed a number of ibuprofen, no idea how much it was a big bottle, along with another half bottle of vodka. Woke up felt like shit, vomited for 12+ hours straight, every 2-5 minutes, alone in my apartment, couldn't move I was in so much pain, was able to get to sleep that night, woke up feeling like shit. Went on like nothing happened after that, never told anyone, if anyone reads this they will be the first person to know this story.. I don't need to go into detail but losing a SO turns into a downward spiral of chain of events Right now. I'm 4 days away from my HSC (test for uni admission; main goal of 13 years schooling) and depressed to the point where I can't bring myself to study. I can't sleep so I stay awake until I pass out during the day, inducing a reversed sleep cycle tat will not work for my 9am exams. Worst of all I keep catching myself falling back on addictions of the past to numb it all, pot, tripstacy, alcohol anything goes when you're this far gone. it's a vicious cycle and will ruin my future.  My boyfriend of two and a half years or so finally kicked me out because of my drug use. Months go by, I'm still doing heroin. One day, I decided to go pick up my mail after I had copped some bags. When I got to his house, I went in the bathroom to shoot up. He thought something was fishy and busted in the door and grabbed the needle out of my hand and broke it in half. Up until that point, he didn't know I was shooting. He just thought I was snorting it. His face was a mixed bag of shocked, sad, scared, and so hurt. I had never seen him cry until that day. It hurt me so much to know I was hurting him. I decided to go to rehab and a year and a half after this happened, we are back together again and very much in love. Already there. I'll edit when I get out... Well, *if* I get out.  The bottom of a 1.75L of Jack, and the 6 hours I spent in the bathroom crying and vomiting, all while thinking of how I loved my best friend, and how my ex had just kicked me in the dick. And then rode home with best friend driving, sitting next to my ex, as if nothing happened. And laughing about it to cover it all up.

The feels. I graduated college barely and was unable to find a job due to my lack of skills (shitty course) and the resultant dotcom bubble bursting.

So I ended up working at a butcher shop. Fast forward a few years and i'm drinking on my lunch hour, drinking at night, waking up and doing it all over again.

I look at the people who have been doing this for 20 years and they're all rampant alcoholics who are either divorced or never married, and cant scrape together enough cash to buy a house.

Not wanting to end up like them I went back to school.

The end. 3rd week of college freshman year I accidentally sat on a needle infected with HIV when sitting on a bench  I spent ten years drinking so heavily I don't remember most of it.  Most people like the idea of not remembering their 20's, but I wish I could.

I got to a point that I did things I never thought I was emotionally capable of, much less physically.  I had best friends who stuck by me through thick and thin telling me they couldn't be my friend anymore if I didn't stop drinking.  I couldn't understand why no one loved me, when all I did was give.  I kept my family in the dark, whereas now I realize I should've gone to them.

I lost 30 lbs in less than a month simply because of the thought, "I can't eat, then I won't get as drunk."  I ended up in a detox clinic, having pissed myself that night, after being in the ER with a BAC so high the nurse said I should've been dead (yet I remember the whole night after 7 5ths of vodka just that night, on top of the probably 3-4 I had during the day at work).

Yea.

 Walking to my apartment from my car. My girlfriend and I had just gotten lunch somewhere. I don't remember where. Fast food, I guess. That was pretty much all I ate back then - dollar menu crap and frozen food.

I dropped the keys as I went to open the door, and I turned to start yelling at her about how if she ever fucking helped out or drove us places or did anything or contributed to the relationship then this never would have happened.

And in a moment of perfect, beautiful clarity I realized that I was standing in front of a shitty apartment, with the only person in the entire state who gave a fuck about me, and I was enraged to the point of physical violence because I had dropped my keys.

Like, all I had to do was bend over and pick them up, and instead I was about to hit somebody for the first time ever.

I dunno what it was about that moment, and I guess the actual rock bottom came six weeks later when the anti-depressants kicked in and I realized that I had thrown away thousands of dollars in scholarships, lied to my parents for years, and generally completely buttfucked my life irreparably.

But honestly for me, that moment will always be rock bottom. That was the moment I realized that even if the meds really did change me - really did make me a different person - I would rather be someone else than be who I had become. For context: This was about five years ago. Had moved hundreds of miles away from home with my very abusive, very alcoholic evil ex (boyfriend at the time). He had convinced me that the only way to keep him alive was to keep buying him booze. We were broke because I hadn't found a job yet and he certainly wasn't going to get one. Additionally, the money we DID have went to his booze and cigarettes, since we could only afford for one of us could smoke and he always won that battle, and there wasn't a lot left over for food. Basically, not doing awesome in this screwed up situation.

So, I walked for about an hour in 100ish degree weather to the nearest BevMo, get the bottom-shelf vodka, and sat in the shade outside of the store before beginning the trek home. Felt dehydrated, and broke, and hungry. I saw half a smoked cigarette laying on the ground that someone had started and not finished. Looked around to see if anyone was watching...and picked it up. And smoked it.

Things got worse for me after that and this wasn't what got me out of that whole situation, but somehow, THAT day felt like rock bottom.  spent $15 at a vending machine  Just now. Found out my SO spent the night at some girls house last night. I don't have a job. I have 10 incompletes I must make up for school. I have a 1 yr old daughter. She doesn't have insurance. My mother moved to another state. I have no where to stay. I'm out of anxiety pills. And the only thing holding me together is my daughter, music, and reddit. We've been together for over 4 years. When I met him I swore I was going to marry him. Turns out he needed more than I could offer or so he thought. Asshole.  I self destruct when life is going well. Drugs amplify the cycle. I landed a great job, and decided to unwind the night before my first day. I had already been going hard at my stash for an entire week. I took everything I could find---may have had a seizure, definitely stumbled about the apartment, babbled incoherently, slammed into walls, broke things, fell and shook---refused medical attention, and woke in a pile of my own shit beside my terrified fiancee. HR called asking where I was, so... I took more drugs and went to work. 


I did that for a few weeks, until all supplies had dwindled. I have almost no recollection of what happened over the better part of a month.


I still have the job and fiancee, somehow, and my head is starting to clear up. All of this went down a little over a month ago, so I am still trying to process it all. No more drugs.


Not sure how not to fall apart when life is going well.


Any advice? To keep it short: my dog died, house burned down, I lost my job, my boyfriend broke up with me, and my parents separated all in one single week.

I'm fine now, though. End of senior year. Found out I was going to fail two of my classes with not enough time to makeup the grades. Had to ride the  school bus for the rest of the quarter. Sharted myself two times in one week. I come from a white picket fence family. I got good grades in school and graduated high school with a 3.3 GPA. That being said, I always felt that my life was too boring so i started experimenting with drugs when I was 16. After i graduated, i flunked out of three different colleges because I was too concerned with getting fucked up. Eventually I decided to try meth because I was bored with everything else at this point. Well, dope became the center of my life after just a few tries. My parents found out about it and kicked me out of the house I grew up in. It was the only thing I knew. Luckily I had a car and a family that I hardly knew was willing to take me in. I started hanging out with gangs and committing crimes daily to get money for my habit. I had no real friends anymore and the people I lived with barely gave a fuck about me. I was arrested twice for burglary and lost my car because of it. A gang friend taught me how to steal cars so this became a common thing for me to do (because I didn't have a car anymore) and used them to get around and steal anything I could get my hands on. I never had money to feed myself because the sack of dope always came first. I remember spending Christmas alone in that house thinking about how I would most likely spend my life in and out of prison. My childhood dreams about my future had disappeared forever and I felt absolutely fucking hopeless. I hated myself for making the life choices that I had made. I hated myself for ever trying meth. A week after New Year's I was arrested a third time for stealing a car (finally) and at that point I was so fed up with how fucked up my life was, I changed everything. My parents accepted me back into their house on the condition that I go to rehab. Nowadays, I'm going to welding school and I love it. I'm clean for 8 months and now I'm grateful for the smaller things in life. I tell myself things can always be worse because I know from experience. Out of drugs, I searched for hours and hours and hours for some drugs I lost.  I found black goop stuck on a shoebox that looked like heroin.  I tasted it, it wasn't, but I shot it up anyways.  I had a histamine reaction instantly, started shaking uncontrollably, threw up violently, and had the worst cold sweats.  Now I was sick with God knows what along with what many consider the most miserable biological state possible (dopesickness).  I assumed I would die so I just tried to play it cool, that is, as cool as you can  be shitting and puking all over yourself with what is likely motor oil running through your veins in front of your girlfriend and mother.  I knew they would abandon me if they knew I attempted to relapse again (I don't blame them) so I figured I would just keep my mouth shut and die with my secret. A religious extremist made enough noise for everyone at my job to hate me, just in time for him to take my job away from me by force (it'd take me at least 2 hours and 20 minutes to explain). The worst part is, this guy with an arrow tattoo on his head shows up with this army of people dressed in weird clothes, tells me a few cryptic riddles, pokes me on the head, and "fixes" everything. I heard the other guy died in a boating accident, though... I had a great job for 23. I had a really pretty girlfriend who was amazing to me. I had a lot of friends. I was a pretty good looking guy. I was also addicted to oxycotin. No one really knew how bad it was because I was very good at hiding the amounts I was doing but, even though it was a pain killer, really helped my crippling depression. It gave me energy and passion in the right amount of mg's. I started partying really hard and the mg's went up, lost my job, my self confidence and money. Girlfriend dumped me because I became slightly insane and I lost most of my friends because I became a giant asshole.

At about 26 years old, I was living in my aunts upper level of her house with no real friends I could talk to, heartbroken, with no money, and withdrawing seriously bad . I had the cold sweats, aches and pains really bad, really bad diarrhea, puking and, for some strange reason, a rock hard boner. I guess my penis could actually feel something again since all the OC was out of my system I dont know. I'll never forget the view from the bed I was laying in. I want to paint it to this day just to remind myself every time I wake up how bad I can screw up if I let my depression get the best of me.

Im 29 now living in a new city to get away from the drugs that have overtaken my town. I have a pretty decent job doing what I love. I have a girlfriend that is great me and I havent touched the stuff since that day. I couldn't be happier.....well, maybe a bit more money, but hey I could be dead.

**TL;DR**   I had pretty much everything a guy could ask for except for shitloads of money. Started doing lots and lots of oxycontin and lost it all. Hit rock bottom and realized I wanted better for myself. Im now CEO of a huge company and have a supermodel wife. The last part is a lie but my lie is pretty great now....mostly because i'm not dead.  Quit pre-med after 6 years at arguably one of the best pre-med schools in the US, dream of becoming a doctor shattered, diagnosed with depression medication, failing physics, withdrew from writing class, and withdrew from multiple other classes...

Unemployed for nearly 2 years after graduation, no longer friends with closest group in high school, no girlfriend still at the age of 24, and still don't know what the fuck to do with my life. Fuck me. I have a feeling mine might be coming up this winter  Graduated college just to work at home in the middle of bum fuck no where, did long distance with my gf till she dumped me.  I had no idea why even to this day, can't get a job in my field even though I try every day, I see no one I have one friend I can see everyone else is out of the state.  I've been alone for 4 months and with the termorals of trying to figure out what to do with my life and the fact that my gf just dumped me out of the blue I couldn't take it.  I've been depressed for 3 months, every time i tried to see someone something complication happened where we couldn't see each other.  I've been working at a CVS where for the last 4 months I feel useless and people just treat me like shit every day.  I went in the back room of my house while no one was home.  Took a jump rope and tied it to the highest beam.  Wrapped it around my neck and kicked the chair from underneath.  I hung for a whole minute, immense pain.  Then the jump rope broke and I fell on my ass.  The pain in my ass woke me up.  I went to work, hung out with my friends, applied to 15 jobs, and went on a date with a girl in the next week.  I'm 23 year old male and this happened 3 weeks ago, I'm glad to say that was the lowest point in my life and I'm glad to be alive. Quit my job because it was literally killing me. 12-16 hr days, 6 days a week. Mental, physical and spiritual breakdowns. 9 months of joblessness later, my credit was destroyed, I was broke, and in the process of being evicted. I took a long hard look at my situation and took King George's shilling and joined the US Army as a medic. A decision I don't regret, but wish I'd never had to make. Not really rock bottom compared to everyone else's story, but it still gets me thinking I should change my life.

I'm 25, 190 lbs, not fat but not athletic/very active.  I've got my own place, keep it clean.  I've got my own car, I know how to cook, I've got a good job and am financially stable.

Girls treat me like a slut.  They fuck me and then ditch.  I've never had a girlfriend in my life.  They see a bad boy persona and then never talk to me again.  I'm not even a bad person or act like one, but because I listen to metal and smoke cigarettes it's a thrill for girls.  The amount of girls I've been with that were actually comfortable talking to me when they weren't drunk is easily counted on one hand.

I remember one time I was hanging out at a friends house when his girlfriend pulled him into the other room and started saying shit about me, that I was a bad influence and I'm not to be trusted.  She actually said because I listened to "...that satanic music..." that I was going to hurt someone.  

I actually found myself hurt after hearing all of that and tried to change my image.  I tried quitting smoking, I put a lot of my clothes in a box and put it in my closet, just to go out and buy a whole new wardrobe.  My Lamb of God shirts and The Black Dahlia Murder coat were officially retired.  I replaced them with button up shirts and nice jeans, jesus fucking christ I bought a pair of crocs because for some reason I thought it would make me look more refined.

My buddy was watching me go through this transition and he just couldn't stand it anymore.  That's not who I was, stop being a certain way because others think its the right way.  

I took his advice with a grain of salt and still went with it.  He ended up having a little party at his place a few weeks later and invited me to go.  His girlfriend had her friends come over with their boyfriends.

Nothing but douchebags.  Heck, even their girlfriends were making fun of me, said some nasty stuff that really does cut to the bone.  You'd think that after trying so hard to change yourself that you could see improvements after a couple of months.  I looked like a fucking fairy.  Rock Bottom.  I might as well have been choking cocks down in the local juvenile detention center because I looked like that much of a pussy.  

I'm back to listening to my favorite kind of music and wearing whatever the fuck I want and not taking other's words to heart, especially nasty cunts like my friend's now ex-girlfriend.  Sure I still don't have a girlfriend, but thats what porn is for.  Don't judge, you've got some open in another tab already.

TL;DR : Tried to change my life to maybe one day find a girlfriend.  Failed miserably.

After this I think the worse my life had ever got was working at a Safeway in one of the richest parts of Portland, OR.  
 Not exactly my own rock bottom, but one I shared with my partner who was so depressed and suicidal that for years he couldn't hold a stable job (meanwhile I had full time work and study to support us both) then in my free time I would make sure he had eaten, washed, changed his clothes, saw some sunlight, got out of bed at least once a day otherwise he just wouldn't eat or drink or move for days... Got to the point where I couldn't leave the house without fearing for his life nor would I ever let anyone come over because I was afraid we would find him dead. Still, everything was always my fault and he was not at all appreciative (quite the opposite)

He constantly refused mental health support because it had failed him in the past + whenever he was admitted to hospital he knew how to convince them he would be ok. Also had no reliable family or friends of his own to speak of and for years I felt too guilty to leave him so vulnerable that he would most likely suicide. 
Had bags packed ready to go for hospital visits following suicide attempts, ran myself into the ground financially, lost contact with my own friends and family for lack of time and energy + living a lie, made myself physically ill for lack of self care, walked on eggshells for five years and endured physical and emotional abuse...

The end of the story is he left me for drugs, ended up owing his friends thousands of dollars, sold all his possessions and fled the city with literally just the clothes on his back. Now lives back with his father (who abused him as a child)

 TL;DR supporting someone who is mentally ill can be paralyzing and sometimes, your best intentions aren't helpful I took ecstasy so I could feel good about staying up all night to write a paper. The paper was already late because I'd spent the last few weeks doing nothing but drugs. I did not do well in school that semester, and those grades are still biting me in the ass 5 years later. 

I perma-fucked my relationship when I broke a promise to stop taking hard drugs. 

Worst of all, one of the shitty people I was hanging around with met my sister and started dating her. Took her virginity, told her he loved her, then started flaking on her all the time. She ended it, he got borderline abusive and started *hardcore stalking* her. She was so traumatized she dropped out of university and moved back in with our parents and started seeing a therapist.  That was all my fault.

I enjoyed drugs, but they can fuck your shit up. I won't be doing them anymore. My whole life I had been fit and athletic. I played basketball and got myself a scholarship to a College with a division 1 team. I hurt my knee in my first season badly and could never recover. I ended up dropping out of college and moving back to the hood, where I spent my days partying, smoking weed doing coke and just all around getting fucked up. I started eating a lot a too, I got as fat as rick ross. I ended up hanging out with some dope boys, coz i craved that respect and coz i was fat now girls wouldnt fuck with me unless i had lots of money. 

One day we heard about some dudes trying to sling in our neighborhood. Me and my homie went to check it out. We didn't know anything about these dudes so we were just gonna go talk to them and tell them they gotta leave. We pull up near them on the street, walk up to them, my friend says "fuck you doing slanging in our turf" guy looks at my friend pulls out a gun shoots him right in the chest twice. He points the gun and tells me to get into a car. They drive me down to a swamp. They started beating on me and laughing about my dead friend. I remember just sitting there, knowing I will soon be dead, thinking about what could have been. Now I'm just another statistic. This was my "rock bottom". The dudes were making fun about how fat I was, they kept asking how much I weighed. I told them with tears running down my face "about three hundred and fifty" they smiled and said that should do. They started some weird satanic chant and summoned the loch ness monster to the swamp and then they said see you in hell and fed me to him. Still there. Will give you a shout if I get out. I'm only 19, so I guess my rock bottom story would be shortly after I broke up with one of my girlfriends. We had only dated for 2-3 months, but we're romantically involved before then. Basically the relationship was extremely emotionally heavy. Think of it like a hummer going 90 mph and hitting the side of a building.

Now thank god I never had a relationship like this before this or after this. But it was pretty bad in the way we were both extremely clingy. We couldn't be without seeing each other like a day. If we didn't say we loved each other at least like once an hour or so, we'd both believe it must not apply any more. Anyway so the relationship ended in a feud between both of our families screaming at each other.

So following this, I was an emotional wreck. I started smoking, began abusing prescription medicine, smoking more pot, drinking, and engaging in highly dangerous and erratic behavior. (I once held on to the back of my friend's Avalanche as he sped down the street and almost slipped off)

Basically my mentality was I could die and wouldn't give a shit. Couldn't give a shit. Anyway treating friends extremely poorly, hooking up with girls i barely knew, treating them like shit. 

At one point I began cutting myself. Not on my arms like a stereotypical emo kid, but like on my chest and stomach. I saw Sid and Nancy with my ex when we were still dating and I got the inspiration from that. Eventually what started out as cool I like drawing on myself using a razor blade, became deeply gash myself to let my blood ooze out. I still have a large scar on my right bicep that everyone always asks about. Some people know, others believe my lies. 

So this continued for about a year. It reached its pinnacle the December of my Freshman year of college. I had a really rough weekend at a gig and decided to Overdose on prescription medicine. I didn't want to die at that point, I just wanted to go into oblivion. I ended up taking 10 xanax and 3 celexas. That day I was in a daze, skipped classes, flubbed my way through a French Horn recital, went to dinner, didn't remember it, went to lessons, left early because my teacher knew I wasn't myself and I could barely keep my eyes open.

I went back to my dorm room and lost consciousness in my bed. Apparently my girlfriend came, couldn't wake me up, roommate couldn't wake me up, the RA came, also couldn't, called an ambulance and I was sent to a local hospital. Woke up the next day, evaluated by the head of the dept of psychiatry or something like that. All the while the hospital staff kept cracking jokes about me, "Well well another student from *college* hehehehehehe". I was refused my allergy medicine, got extremely sick, the head of the psychiatric blah blah lied to both me and my parents, saying one thing and denying it the next day.

Eventually I was forced to move up into the psychiatric ward. I stayed there for a couple of hours before I was sprung out of there. It was like night of the living dead. The patients shuffled down the halls with blank expressions on their faces, coming out of locked rooms painted all white. The food was bland and stale and the older patients rolled their eyes at me. I was the youngest one on the ward at 18 years old. Two of the girls were friendly with me especially after I my parents came with my then (and now) current girlfriend and turned her away because she wasn't family. She broke down crying because she was extremely scared for me, I broke down because she broke down. 

Have you ever had a hysterical crying fit when you're sick? It like amplifies your cold and extends the length that you have it.

Anyway, the two girls were really nice to me giving me tissues and talking with me and whatnot. A couple of hours later, my mother came and sprung me out of there. She had to sign a shit ton of paperwork saying they won't hold the hospital responsible should anything happen. (What am I, a fucking lunatic gorilla?)

I said my goodbyes and never saw them again. Interesting note though, that psychiatric ward was under heavy scrutiny and investigation about a month or two ago. Someone must have exposed them. 

Anyways I'm doing better now and still under supervision from the university. I almost wasn't allowed back because they said it would be bad for their image to have "suicide attempts" on campus. For the first couple of months following, I was treated like an animal or like I was extremely unstable, a bomb waiting to explode. 

Thanks for reading. I hope no one ends up on a ward like I did. Laying in bed with a cover sprawled over me while I gouged my wrist with a house key. Depression is a bitch. 


Edit: tenses.  Right now.  Counting Kopicks( A coin less that a penny), with a broke Ukranian, to go buy a quarter loaf of bread and a strong beer. While living in a half-built house.

I'd been out of a relationship recently, and went into a kind of manic state, spent all of my money and then hitch-hiked around 5000km barely stopping to see anything. Then I found myself in Ukraine, couchsurfing, and penniless. I'm middle class Canadian so a fifty buck a week weed habit and beers after the leaf game. Pretty bad but i can't come close to actualy being hard up. I do give to charity but i cant complain. Got into an abusive, codependent relationship right out of high school which lasted about two years. We hung around our high school while all of our friends went off to college. After his parents finally kicked me out of their house and my parents kicked him out of my house, we spent days trying to salvage a relationship that could only exist between our two houses. 

Lots of fighting, hitting, sobbing public emotional breakdowns in between emotionless sex. My parents cut me out of their lives in every way but letting me sleep in my room at night, so I had no emotional support or contact with anyone outside of this relationship. 

It got to point that I stood on the side of a road, taking a few steps out intro traffic and then chickening out. The only thing that kept me from doing it was knowing that I'd hurt the people in the cars in the process.

Now - went back to college at 21, got my BA and I've been with the same man for 6 years.  After reading most of these, my rock bottom ain't shit. Well, the very first day of the year 2013 I was hit by a Chevy Blazer while crossing the road on foot. It was travelling 45 miles an hour. 
Needless to say I was gravely injured, too many injuries for me to even want to list again right now. 
Medically induced coma for nearly three days, both of my lungs had collapsed. I have burst fractures (the bad kind) in my vertebrae T4-T6. Had 7 broken ribs, fractured femur, lacerations everywhere. I'll stop there. 
I had a back brace for 4 months, wheelchair for four. Hospital bed in my house for 7.
Today I am overjoyed to tell you all that I have made a nearly full recovery, and in some ways am stronger than before the accident. Especially mentally. I still experience pain all of the time, but it's worth it to be living. It's taught me what strength and resilience we have within us. I tapered myself off of painkillers not even a month into my recovery. 
I'm 21 years old.  I got sat on by a Graveler. Quit/dropped (did not spent a minute learning...) out of [Gymnasium](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gymnasium_%28school%29) at the age of 18. 

Did my [Zivi]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zivildienst) in the Operating Room and after that started a VET to be a paramedic. Quit after 6 months or so. Just one day called the instructor and said I am done...

To have some income over the summer I went to work as a warehouseman. Did not really plan do to it for more than 6 months. Ended up getting two 1-year contracts. They paid pretty good so I got my first apartment. Soon after I moved they offered me a "contract of employment of indefinite duration" (hope the translation is correct...)

A few months later the depression I had been struggling with for some years got the better of me. Police had to get into my apartment b/c my parents were afraid I had been harming myself. I didn't but I was in a coma like state. 

My family physician strongly advised me to commit to an asylum. Spent almost half a year in my first *stint*.  The beginning was tough because on such short notice I spent my first two weeks in the general ward. Addicts, schizophrenic and so on in one house is an experience you will NEVER forget. 

After some years and shorter visits to the asylum I started a VET to be a sysadmin. Well actually I first did an internship for almost 8 months. They then offered me to train me as a sysadmin. Just two weeks after the VET started it got too much again... 

Thats me. Still rock bottom. I kinda got used to the depression. I can manage most of my day-to-day life. 

Guess I can not complain, lucky enough to live in a country where I get enough financial support to have a decent roof over my head and live somewhat decent life. 

Don`t really know how to go from here. Just going from day to day. The irony is; employers *love* me. Just too bad I cant really handle it. 

Edit: Just to top it. Did not really have meaningful contact with other human beings beside my parents who I visit every other weekend. Sadly, this does not even phase me.  I was tired of not getting gilded, so I bought reddit gold for myself. Well I do a lot of squats I was out in town one night having a few drinks with my mates when some jebroni comes up to me and starting shouting at me about having slept with his girlfriend. Now I had no idea who he was but I guess it was possible that I had slept with her, I am the people's champ after all, so I asked him what his name was. Before he could answer I shouted "IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOUR NAME IS!" then I rock bottomed him right then and there.  One day, I decided that enough was enough. So I went to the gym, learned how to do squats and now I have a rock bottom.  I was diagnosed with lung cancer. Inoperable. I was a high school chemistry teacher so my only real choice was crystal meth. I had to provide for my family before I was gone. I had this patient in ED. When I saw her she was evidently in a lot of pain. Her husband said she fell while they were hiking. She also had some motor and sensory loss in one leg. What happened was that she actually fell on a rock on her bottom and injured her sciatic nerve.

I personally have never injured my bottom on any rock. [This was my rock bottom moment.]( http://scenes.malvasiabianca.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/rain-on-bedrock.png)


Edit: No serious tags, might not get serious answer.   My cousin and I are playing at the beach on a summer vacation. We start searching in the water for conch shells and cool rocks. My cousin yells over to me "I think I've got a big one here!". He pulls up this huge crab that's bigger than his head and screams like a little girl; throwing it back into the water. We didn't go back in the ocean that day. College  Today is my rock bottom.
Being a 25 year old single male, I moved back in with parents in my final semester at University. After being one class away from completing a nursing degree, I got offered a job at the best hospital in my city as a Graduate Nurse. I quit my old job to have a month off between jobs.
At this point, I had completed this last class externally. The university for some reason or another, no longer accepted this external class meaning that I had to give up my amazing job opportunity at the new hospital.
Feeling embarrassed and shameful, I couldn't bring myself to tell my parents (who were so proud) and continued living in their house, pretending I was going to work.
Shortly after this, my savings dried up. My mobile phone got disconnected, my loans defaulted, credit cards were maxed out, fines went unpaid (parking and rolling through a red light), friends were lost and soon I spiraled into a pretty deep depression. I was stupidly too proud to apply for government assistance.
My parents started getting harassing calls from the bank daily, to which I would brush off as having just spoken to the bank earlier that day and it was an error on the bank's side.
I soon started hiding from my parents, staying at my neighbors place (for which I had a key) during the day and pretending that I had been at work.
They figured it out that I wasn't working pretty quickly.
I was ignoring mail, phone calls and emails.
This all went on over a year.
In hindsight, it all seems pretty stupid. I'm usually a pretty insightful person.
A month ago, my mother left me a note on my bed saying that I have a month to move out or she would move me out (into the rubbish bin). It was at this point that I had my moment. I said to myself "What the fuck are you doing? You're better than this!". It felt like the fog had cleared. After so long of trying to be numb to the anger, hurt, pain, worry, stress and shame, I let myself feel those things and slowly was able to laugh again. Depression is fucked. I don't even know how to put it into words. I didn't resent my mother for saying what she said, I knew it came from a place of love.
I applied for nursing registration (as a lower level nurse than what my university degree would allow) but there were costs associated with that, upwards of around $500 of which I couldn't afford. So I applied for government assistance. 
I got a job at a nursing employment agency, working all over my city. One stipulation was that I would need to drive, which wasn't a problem.
After finally getting the assistance settled today, I drove to the local mail box to drop off my nursing registration application and prepare for my life to finally get back on track.
On the way back, the policeman was kind enough to inform me that my drivers license had been revoked last month from unpaid fines and that I would have to face court. This means I can no longer do the new job I just got.
Tomorrow is the deadline from my mother. I don't know what to do. I'm frightened.

Tl;dr

Didn't finish University
Lost amazing job
Under mountains of crushing debt
Depression
Lost majority of friends
Being kicked out of parents home tomorrow
Have to quit new job
Lost ability to drive
Have to go to court to get a new fine on top of the old ones. We were transporting TV crews to and from their shooting location. One day as we are pitch forward quite steeply to adjust our angle for landing -all of their non-strapped down equipment shifted forward and put us in a 10 second rapid dive before we recovered.

They laughed and just assumed that we had done that on purpose to scare them.

Cessna 340 I fly a Cessna 182, not an airliner, but I've got one.

Flying over Kansas one day, had an almost complete electrical failure. Lost everything except the radios, critical flight instruments, and lights (which were unnecessary as it was 2pm). Shut down everything I could to conserve battery, whipped out the trusty paper charts, and got home using VORs. 

Oh, and I was 18 years old with my whole family onboard. Didn't even wake them up. This was with my instructor in a Cessna 150 but while doing a training flight I was trying to pass my PRE solo check flight... He was grading me and wanted me to act like he wasn't there... I would do the maneuver after he told me too with out his assistance what so ever. While performing steep turns I was leaning against the door. Quarter of the way through the turn the door opened. I finished te turn in a calm manner like nothing happened but inside I was panicking and shitting myself... The rest of the flight went like that. It never fully opened because of the air pressure but it was nerve racking. We landed he said I passed and that was that. I never told him because money was tight and I really needed to knock out that check ride

Edit: it happened before in the early stages of my flight training... I was in the pattern turning downwind and my door came open... I did the worst thing possible. Let go of the flight controls and grab the door while  at 600 ft... CFI was pissed got an ass chewing... From then on I tried to keep my demeanor at al times  Ok so I have been flying commercial flights for over 3 years now. I have had a lot of "scary" instances and to tell you the truth if the problem/s can be rectified we do not inform the passengers and in most cases not even the flight attendants. 

I would like to start with a medical emergency we had on board our flight. A passenger had an epileptic episode and he claimed it was due to the lightning he saw from a cumulonimbus cloud we were circumnavigating. Basically he claimed he got electrocuted while in flight. Anyways this incident sends panic all over the plane with passengers trying to run here and there and the flight attendants having almost no control over them. Our prime motive was to get the affected medical attention as soon as possible and then to calm the other passengers. Nearest suitable airport was about 20mins away and we diverted to it. An announcement was made and I had to make the people on board understand that the aircraft is well insulated and there is no way anyone can get electrocuted. After a few moments the In Flight Manager calls up to tell us that a bunch of people were unwilling to take their seats so I had to make another announcement. After which I had to make the landing. The passenger was given some treatment and was sent to the hospital. As for the misbehaving passengers, they were questioned and I kinda bailed them out. It was a pretty intense flight.

Do let me know if you guys want to hear more from me. Military pilot here. In my 10 year flying career I have had 5 good bird strikes (caused structural damage). Had a handful of close calls. 

I had one flight that particularly fits the bill for this thread. I have almost died 3 times while flying. One time I realized it after the fact (I'll get back to this). One of the times, it was an absolute feeling of peace, in my head I thought to myself, "This is how I am going to die." The third time was a declining weather situation, started to get spatial disorientation, terrible feeling but we survived.

This unfortunately has to be somewhat ambigious but, I had 17 people on board plus the crew. We were in the middle east, night mission. Basically, we got shot at with something that would have brought the aircraft down quickly. We did not get hit. The shot that was made on us was good, he did not whiff the shot. However we did not get hit. Had things not worked properly we would have been on fire, heading for the ground within a second. All 17 passengers on board were sleeping contently, never knew how close they were to being a name on some memorial. Helicopter pilot here.

About 8 months ago I was flying patrol for one of the local agencies. This night my TFO (tactical flight officer) decided to bring his pregnant girlfriend for a ride along. At the end of the night, about 5 miles from base, the helicopter lost oil pressure. This is normally heralds an engine failure and I steeled myself for that.

The engine ended up functioning for the rest of the flight and my passengers had no idea. When the TFO asked what the red light was for I told him it was the pre-landing alert  light (completely accurate).

About a week later with the same TFO and same helicopter we lost power on takeoff and had the ship lurch 90 degrees left and fall about 20 feet before power came back on and jerked it 90 degrees back the other direction. Needless to say he knew something had happened on that one. Im flying from Heathrow to Vegas next week. Why did i come here. One night I nearly had a midair with a Cessna Citation. Our friends in the back didn't have a clue.

When you're flying commercially as a passenger, you pretty much shouldn't worry about the turbulence. This isn't my story and no passengers were involved (single seat aircraft), but it is something that I've found most people don't know about.

9/11. Planes hit, the military really doesn't know how many more are involved, so they start scrambling jets and the pair tasked to deal with Flight 93 wasn't loaded with much more than dummy rounds from a prior training mission, i.e. for all intents and purposes they were taking off unarmed. So the only thing they could do to prevent the aircraft from nailing something important in DC was to ram it, one plane to hit the cockpit, one at the tail. Without other planes in the area up they couldn't afford to miss, meaning if they attempted to eject it would be at the last, most dubious, second. In all probability, the only reason why those two pilots are still alive is because the passengers on the flight overwhelmed the hijackers and crashed the plane in a random Pennsylvanian field.

[Here's](http://www.today.com/id/44459345/ns/today-today_news/t/kamikaze-f--pilots-planned-ram-flight/#.UlRcMlA3tos) one article about it for you. ITT: Every pilot has problems when flying a Cessna When I did my primary training out in Phoenix, I had 2 very close near mid-airs near Coolidge, AZ. The 2nd one was close enough (sep. occurences) to the point where the other pilot never saw me, but I could tell he had a beard, was wearing sunglasses, and had a collared shit...

Head on a swivel folks. I sat next to a commercial pilot on my flight recently and due to my fear of flying I riddled him with questions about aircraft safety, pilot training, etc. As far as turbulence goes, you don't need to be afraid (unless it's so bad that people are flying out of their seats). It's akin to a car driving over a bumpy road - you feel it moving but it's not dangerous. Planes are designed to handle A LOT, and pilots go through a shitload of training all the time. *I am waiting for UFO sightings stories* They had the fish . . . I got my PPL at 17 and at 18 I was giving rides in my Citabria out of a local airfield. I was mostly used to grass strip flying, only time I had ever worked with towers was the minimum requirement to get my License. I had an elderly gentleman have a heart attack, I ended up having to fly into Indy International. Possibly the scariest moment of my life and an amazing learning experience. Nice try, NTSB. Here comes "I'm not a pilot, but..." Have you piloted a plane drunk or under the influence of any drugs?   Yaaay I finally have a relevant story! Similar to /u/VelosiT, in fact. Was flying (copiloting) a small twin engined Beechcraft Baron at 12:00. Pilot was talking to passengers in the back for a second and let me take manual control (flying is really very simple once you're up in the air, just maintain course/altitude and communication with the tower) when suddenly, one engine's oil pressure gage drops to zero (AKA We lost it entirely). Suddenly, the entire plane starts shaking. And I mean SHAKING. I was only 5' 8" at the time and my head kept flying up and hitting the headliner. Of course, the pilot noticed this and nonchalantly proceeded with the most badass emergency landing, eventually shutting the only operating engine off to glide in. For those of you who don't fly small aircraft... keeping a plane that small on track to land in a 12 knot crosswind is difficult. With the whole plane shaking, damn near impossible. Grateful to this day that we made it (my dad and mom were the passengers in the back).


OP, as far as turbulence, it depends. For the most part, turbulence is completely normal and is a result of pockets of air that cause a momentary disruption in flight. All you see as the pilot is a fluctuation on the altimeter. Although if you're in a small plane, the pilot can feel it too. However, if you lose an engine and the whole plane starts shaking, which feels similar to extreme turbulence, yes. You should be worried.

EDIT: Spelling
EDIT 2: Grammar Just the usual's, bird strike, battery failure, lost comms on the captains side. I was flying somewhere over the pacific, dont know where, but we lost communication with the ground so we turned back ands headed towards Fiji, instead of LA, which was our destination. Long ass flight from Sydney to LA. The passengers had no idea we were totally lost, for a while...  My flying assistant gave a premature birth to a fetus. It did not survive but everyone on the airplane got a free snack. I shall never fly again  My girlfriend at the time convince the instructor to let me ride along on her first pilot lesson for our one month anniversary. It was a bright sunny day with a lot of puffy clouds so there were thermals and cold spots everywhere and she only got 15mins of classroom time before we did pre-flight check and she did full hands-on takeoff. I was really nervous but recorded the takeoff for her from the back seat of the tiny plane. As we hit our cruising altitude after the climb we hit a cold pocket and dropped about 300 feet straight down. When we were driving home later she told me that when the plane dropped the engine stall light came on and she thought we were all going to die. 


Edit: clarification I'm working on my commercial license now so I don’t have any passenger stories but I've had two good scares. Both happened when I was working on my private pilots license 

First scare happened a little over a year ago when I was still working on polishing my landings so my flights were all in the pattern at a rural airport and involved a lot of go arounds. (Aborted landings) I live in an agricultural area and this was in the summer time so the crop dusters seemed to be everywhere. They are notorious for not making traffic calls on the radio and not doing standard patterns when they come in for landings. I've seen them do some really crazy and stupid things. This particular stupid thing involves me making a really ugly landing, getting ready to push the throtle back in to take off,(doing a touch and go) then looking down the very short runway and seeing a crop duster puling out onto the runway and turning toward me. My instructor took the controls and fortunately we had enough speed built up to take off before hitting him but that was pretty scary. I'm pretty sure the pants I was wearing that day still have a crease from were my cheeks clenched. 

Story two is at night, at a rural airport not far from the one in the previous story. This small airport has runway and taxiway lights but no area lighting, so you can see the shape of the pavement but can’t really see the ground until you’re close enough for the landing light to illuminate it. So my instructor and I find this airport, enter the pattern, and come in for a landing. Just a split second after he wheels touch the runway a deer, a fucking deer, materializes out of the darkness. This deer is doing what all deer do when hit with headlights and about to majorly fuck shit up, that is to say its standing right in the damn way and not moving. I reflexively jerk the controls back and push the throttle all the way in. We pop back up in the air enough to clear the deer then we stall and settle back down pretty hard, but not hard enough to damage anything. Now whenever I fly to a rural airport at night I do a very low approach and fly over the length of the runway before coming in for a landing.
 I'm just a novice pilot, but I once threw a paper airplane and it made contact with the ceiling fan. No passengers were on board, but I assume had they been then they would've been frightened a bit Oh my god I have to get on a plane this Sunday.  Why the fuck am I here? Had an inflight fire but yah my passenger noticed that one. Was a Lear 31.  /r/flying. The only scary thing that has happened to me was a failed mag while on downwind. Nothing terrible TIL everyone flies a Cessna when things go wrong! The top 3 posts are about Cessnas. I can't decide whether to avoid Cessnas or only buy Cessnas. Not me, uncle in law is a pilot for commercial planes 

Apparently pilots sleep in there seats on long distance hauls, uncle stirs in his sleep and knocks the controls. Lurched the plane sideways. 

(I don't know much about planes so don't burn me at the stake)  Just last week I hit a bird at night I really wish I didn't spend the last 15minutes reading this.  Its OK guys, its not like I ever wanted to use a plane again....ever.... ITT: Airplane! jokes.  I sharted once.... My co-pilot was off one day and I had to do a 6 hour flight myself. This was pre-9/11 (1980s) so AC let it slide. Normally we'd do 3 hours sleep. 5 hours in I was getting tired and I was sure autopilot would handle things fine enough for me to nap for half an hour. Woke up just half a minuet before I had to land. the autopilot was just starting to attempt to land the plane (which any 80s pilot could tell you was a big no-do) I was able to land the thing just in time. Already been asked, your presence makes Reddit worse. "Was browsing /r/realgirls and almost hit another plane...SHIT, that was close!" :) cockpit heh The need to pee. Knowing that I'll never find a better answer to this question unless I go looking for it. My mortgage payment...


... I need a drink. Pokemon X and Y on Saturday. After that I'm not quite sure.  Hunger. We have cereal that is literally just cookies. Shit gets me up at 5AM. I'm just sticking around to see how it all ends. Not getting fired. If I didn't have kids I'd go to sleep and never wake up. The thought that one day, I'll get to have sex and make a couple mini-me's with an amazing woman and live a great life raising the mini-me's. 

For now, I'll have to wade through a river of shit with a toothpick as an oar and a plank for my boat. If I fall off, sure, I'll get covered in shit, but eventually, my paradise will come, and life shall be good.  Fear, mostly. 
 The fact that somewhere someone has a whole hell of a lot worse then me and if he can go about his day with a smile on his face I can get my ass out of bed and go to class. Sometimes I don't I have this annoying nagging feeling that I have a duty to myself and society to contribute to the world. Coffee with eggs and ketchup. "What if aliens land today and I wasn't there to ask them a question or volunteer for probing?" I don't get up because I'm motivated.  I get up because I can't think of a good excuse to use and call out of work and I got bills to pay. Weekdays = Money/make sure I don't get fired

Weekends = Trying to get sex Striving for a better tomorrow.  Having to pee. I always chug a glass of water before I go to bed. Wake up with a tremendous urge and that usually gets me up and out. I enjoy my job, and I enjoy that I get paid to do it. The fear that my cat is plotting my death, so I have to wake up before him. I woke up with a pillow on my face one time and haven't trusted his creepy little 'meow' in years.  My wife and kids. Drugs  Where would you like to be? If where you are isn't where you want to be then you need to figure some stuff out. I love my job and when I wake up I want to go to work. Sure there are days that I don't want to wake up but then I think about where I would rather be. I want to be in my classroom. This also helps in staying productive at work. Sure I get tiered but where would I rather be? sitting in front a TV turning inso human soup? I think not. 

tl;dr if life is good you will wake up [I like to get the daily news.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeQfxOlmdVc) Honestly: 

* The desire to eventually be successful (College student)

* Knowing that I might meet some amazing chick out of the blue today who gives me that butterfly feeling. Or some slut who has the hots for me. Both will do. 



 [this](http://i.imgur.com/nKhfRID.jpg) to be a better man than I was the day before. The Spanish radio station I have my radio alarm clock set to.  It's my job. Military, no choice.  The fact that I'm getting an education that many people in the world would give their right arm to have and so rather than taking it for granted, getting out and making the most of it. To answer this literally: my puppy. She sleeps in her crate with the door open, and jumps up on the bed when my alarm goes off. She just lies there with her head on my chest and stares. It prevents me from pressing snooze a million times. I want to be able to leave this world with little, or no, regrets. I want to die surrounded by loved ones with no last words saying "I wish I'd..." or anything similar. I want to live a fulfilling life. I seriously wish I knew.  Still function, still stay busy, but I have no idea why
 the fact that when I come home from my terrible lonely job, I can enjoy some fast food, alcohol, pot and jerk off That maybe this day is good again.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not suicidal or anything, I love my friends and family too much for that. I just wish I wouldn't wake up because there is nothing for me. I just long for the nothingness of death. Oh and my job. I have to do that or otherwise I won't have money and I can't be happy or free in the western world without money apparently.

Worst part is, I used to have a good outlook, but lately my life is once again collapsing around me. My passions, such as music - listening, composing, sharing, learning, appreciating, discovering... Honestly the thing that gets me up everyday is my boyfriend. Sure I want to be successful and happy blah blah, but finding the will to get up in the mornings really dribbles down to "Someone loves me, and believes in me, I need to tell him good morning".  The belief that I need to leave the world a better place than how I found it. You missed the opportunity to compliment her and say "you" My dogs. Also...I enjoy video games and tattoos so being employed so I can afford these things motivates me nicely. Whats more motivating, than life itself..? We are all doing to die, so love the ppl u care about, embrace life and smile..be good to others, and don't tread on ant's on purpose, they are workers, the soul in the anthill, that makes it all go around...
Explore new things. learn new things..learn so u can make your own choices, that hopefully will take thru life in a meaningful way, to the very last day when its time to go, to set sail, and stand behind rudder wheel, shouting: "I DID IT, I MADE MY WAY THRU LIFE, AND I REGRET NOTHING" $$$, food, books, unwatched tv/movies, music... Money so that I can move out of my parents' place :( The fact that I have the house to myself (everyone leaves before I wake up at 8 am) and I can sing loud as fuck in the shower to Beyonce before I go to work/school.  That no matter what each day will never be the same. Discoveries are waiting each day  Not shitting in my bed Make enough money to return the favor to my parents I used to suffer from a lot of emotional/motivation problems in high school. Around my Senior year I made the decision to try and improve myself in at least one way, every day, without exception. When I'm having a tough time getting up I just tell myself it's time to go find that one thing for the day. I've gone from almost failing out of high school and being very depressed to being among the top of my class and preparing to attend law school next fall.  My cats. They are vicious little assholes when they are hungry To be or not to be 

(That is the question) To see what is outside. Purely because I'm not dead yet...

A variety of other things as well but this is the most profound thing. I've somehow gotten to this point in my life where I don't think I'm going to live beyond a certain age and the pure fact that I'm able to even wake up from sleep is a reason to get up and do something, ANYTHING! Of course that doesn't stop me from sleeping in most days when I have no University :| I get up each morning for my mother who is disabled and now blind. I'm pretty much the one that cares for her. I get up each day hoping she feels better physically and mentally. 

I also get up each morning hoping a prayer will be answered; that something will eventually help me from my life and show me what i am meant to do. I gotta get out of the bed and make the kid's breakfast, or he won't have enough time to eat before he goes to school. My morning poop My little Pony Friendship is Magic! An episode every morning is like a shot of Liquid happy. Keeps me going and helps me get through the day. I know it may seem strange coming from a 17 year old male, but it really does help a lot with the "keeping a smile" thing. Cocoa crispies Good cereal. I friggin' love coco pops. I'm in the Navy, so the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

Really isn't a good idea to sleep in and be late to work. Bathroom I really don't know. I just keep doing it over and over again. My family The potential of what that day could hold. Think about it, it takes 30 days to develop or get rid of a habit you just have to do it. As long as you keep moving forward by the end of the month you could know a new language or develop splendid social skills. Theoretically you could be a different person and have a different life by the end of the month. At least headed in that direction if you have enough self discipline. 

That and laying in bed and doing nothing is god foresakenly boring. Eventually I get hungry and decide to keep on living so I eat. Then I run out of food so I work. Then I become tired so I rest. Then I become bored so I look for something more.     That I really like breakfast. My sobriety. And the fact that I'm light-years away from the douchebag I used to be. Absolutely nothing... Children screaming! Get them clean and fed....enjoy the silence (sorta) Having a glass of cold water above my head as my dad slowly counts down from 5 seconds..
He's done it before so he'll do it again!
 I always like to see a better person in the mirror than I had the previous day. Usually an urgent need to piss. Unless I have to be somewhere I lure myself out of bed with food. If I stock up on yummy breakfast-ables I'm less likely to just stay in bed forever. Simply being able to think is enough motivation to keep me going.

I can contemplate my own existence in this universe.  How fucking awesome is that? That staying at home will be more boring than going to work.
 I know it's really shallow, but every payday I wake up 100% more enthusiastically than any other day. Also, every time I am supposed to get a package from amazon delivered I am very excited in the morning. Other days are all shit, the fact that I have to go to school is the only motivating factor.  A new day of learning. I like all my classes, and I'm actively pursuing the career of my dreams. I have absolutely no issue getting up in the morning if the promise of physical chemistry waits for me. It's going to sound stupid, but my 15 year old chihuahua Andronicus. I mean there's also my career and my family and stuff, but every morning there's that little white face that needs to be kept in the kibble. 


*Edited to sound slightly less stupid.  I'm too young to give up already.  5/7 days a week I'll get fired if I don't Determination. Determined to make something of myself in my own life doing what I want to do. Hopefully, save enough money up to do what I ultimately want to do in life: teach martial arts.  Maybe today will be the day that it happens. Everything turns around for the better and my aspirations turn into a reality. I've been waiting and working for years, it has to happen eventually.  Because there is shit I want to do and I hate sleeping. The cat.  If I don't let him out to pee in the morning, he will do it in some dark corner of the house. Paycheck. Coffee On the weekdays... I'd rather not get fired and I want money.

On the weekends... it will range from I'm hungry to I'm going shooting so I better get up and pack my gear, oh and I'm hungry. If I don't get up, the cleaner will come in and I'll have to awkwardly lie here whilst she cleans.  Not wanting to disappoint the people in my life. 

Also my dog.  Gotta walk my dog.  She jumps on my stomach until I walk her in the morning. I have no idea why I even get up. Sometimes I think I have another personality that gets behind the wheel and drives me to class. The drive to make something of myself.

The thought that maybe one day she'll think I'm right for her. I put my alarm clock on the other side of the room.  having bills to pay  Because before I goto work I need time to drink a few cups of coffee and poop. Coffee. I have bills to pay. If i don't get up and go to work i will be fired. Then i will be homeless. I dislike my life enough without living on the street ta. No being bored, removed all form of entertainment from my room so when I wake I have to get up and see the house mates. Surprising how much more I get done when I'm already up then just Lying there watching Luther. The naive hope that it will be that one in a million day that does not suck and that something amazing will happen and I will go to sleep not hating my life.  My cat standing on my chest waiting to be fed.

He's one heck of a motivator! A girl...  I have school. If I don't show up, they don't pay me.

two days a week... Not getting arrested. That's my motivation. For a long time I was alone, just angry at the world and would think about killing myself every night.  I didn't want to wake up the next morning.  Eventually I told myself to just do it or stop thinking about it all the time.  

Shortly after that I watched a documentary about the Buddha and decided I didn't need to feel so bad about being alone because there is so much more to life than sharing it with someone.  So I started looking forward to waking up and seeing what sort of greatness the world had in store for me.

One day that greatness happened to be a chubby redhead that read the same things I did and made me laugh, so I asked her to dinner.  Turns out she had a 9 year old daughter and a dog.  Before I knew it, we were going on dates to PTA meetings and junior soccer games.  I was finally content to be alone and these three showed up to make me question that.  It was the most wonderful thing that ever happened to me in my life.

So 7 months after our first date, I asked her to marry me.  2 months later we officially became a family and now I wake up everyday get the kiddo ready for school or cook breakfast on the weekends.  MONEY There comes a time when the need to pee outweighs the urge to stay in bed. The consequences of not getting up. 

Right now, I'm studying. If I didn't go to any lectures, it would take much more energy to try to understand the courses by just reading on my own. If I didn't get up to read the courses at all, I would have to get a job. If I got a menial job without an education, I would be back living a completely pointless existence. If I then still refused to get out of bed to work my pointless job, I would have to give up my apartment and then I would die of starvation in the streets. Because I wouldn't get up from the street to collect food from garbage cans. Ultimately, that's it. What do we expect? We have to do *something* to live. What a luxury to even be able to ask ourselves why we get up in the morning. What else could we do? The hope that I'll find something during the day that was worth getting up for. More often than not, I don't.  Fuck that, I want to know what motivates people to get off Reddit and go to bed. Basically being able to get up and go to school knowing that this girl I like will be there. Sounds creepy but it's true. I don't have creepy thoughts of her but when I see her I just feel better. 1.) I get tired of laying in bed.
2.) Food
3.) Bathroom Turning off that annoying fucking alarm... otherwise it wins If I don't work I don't get paid.

Also, fuck you Universe. My cat climbs on top of me to wake me up so I will feed him. It works. I'm so scared of not being able to answer that question... Sometimes I don't want to risk it, and go a few days sans sleep... So that I can pay the bills I need to pay to come home to a nice, temperature controlled apartment and play whatever video game I want on an expensive machine while talking shit with my friends on the internet. If I didn't have games and friends to play them with, I probably would just quit life.

I used to have this delusion that I was working hard to get a good job to impress a girl I would meet, fall in love and have kids with. Now that I finished the first part I find I have no interest in the rest (yet). After work my evening is a blur of fun, and then I find myself waking up again. It's as if I'm still in college, but the part that used to be commuting and homework is now just called work, and I get paid for it. The kind of person that I would like to be would wake the fuck up and own the day.  Do it, and I'm one step closer to being him. Mortgage

Student Loans

Car Loans

Furniture Loans

Wife

Children

Work

Not necessarily in that order. Proving mother fuckers wrong. Oh and make my dad proud after all he's done for me Knowing that if I don't get up and face life I'm going to end up feeling lonely, demotivated and depressed. There's almost always something to do. Don't have much to do? Split things between days so there's at least one thing each day you need to be doing.  Providing for my wife and my daughter. Knowing I have the possibility of making today better than yesterday. Today was just as bad as yesterday. My friends are the only reason I get up in the morning. I could lay in bed all day if I wanted to, but knowing that I have friends out there who want to see me and care about me is what drives me to get up everyday and be who I am.  PAY CHECK. In order to get that I have to get up and go to work.  Knowing that life has failed to kill me twice over the last few months keeps me going. I was a diabetic for at least 4 months before I was diagnosed. I should have died. I didn't. Sticking the finger to fate is my motivation to get up each morning. A little something like this helps me get through each day and it's pretty nice.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz6Gt7DDpsY Usually after I've had between 5 and 9 hours of sleep, I'm not very tired anymore, so after waking there is no need for me to lay in bed any longer--so I then proceed to get out of bed. I'm a big fan of my Friday paycheck, so there's that Hope.  One day life could be amazing.

And self improvement, that's fun.  One day, I could be amazing! Knowing that there has to be something better then this and I wont find it if I stay in bed Knowing that after my 9 hours of work, I have about 5-6 hours of total me time to do whatever the fuck I please. Panic attacks, mostly. At least recently that's how it is. It's hard to stay in bed when it feels like your heart is trying to dry hump its way out of your throat.  Some day Half-Life 3 will be announced. It will be a good day. You are here in life because you're here. Nothing else to it IMO. I get up because I'm here in life and I might as well do something while I'm here. Maybe today I'll get a girlfriend I wake up every morning in a bed that's too small, drive my daughter to a school that's too expensive, and then I go to work to a job for which I get paid too little... but on pretzel day... well, I like pretzel day... My bunny starts rattling her cage early in the morning if there is no food left and I have no choice but to get up and feed her.  For me it's just the fact that getting up will probably be more interesting than staying in bed. So I figure, I might as well regardless of how much the day ahead of me might suck.  Making my life better than it was yesterday. There are a few things i must reach, promises to fulfill, repay the kindness some people have given me, and others i must crush mercilessly , and see many things this world has to offer that i have not seen or experience yet, until then, gotta keep fighting. My boyfriend. Just knowing I'm going to get up and see him at school is enough to get me out of bed. I spent three months last spring doing a solo homestay in Chile and getting out of bed some days was a real struggle. Being with my boyfriend is the one thing that without fail makes me happy.  Feeling accomplished. I need that feeling of doing something productive - going to the gym, cleaning out the garage, etc.

That feeling carries over in my pursuit of women. It's a never ending game and I love it. I want to make my current day better than the last. Honestly, when I get up, I am excited to see a certain guy I like, see people at school, even just the act of prettying myself up and choosing an outfit pleases me. I used to be so apathetic and depressing but now that I'm not, I like getting dressed and sitting there and looking decent... It's fun. But on the weekends I just sit in sweats all day haha xD Honestly... nothing. Sometimes I don't get up at all. If I don't work, I can't afford to eat out all the time and buy dumb stuff. Effing calculus. Before that working out. I want to change myself so I will like myself and be a person that others will enjoy to be around.  Whenever I wake up, I just try and find something to look forward to to motivate me in the morning. The small things matter the most. The possibility that my whole life could change every time I step out my front door.  It needs to be done.  'It' changes on a day to day basis, but 'it' always needs to be done. Piles of money that enable expensive hobbies, travel, and social outings. I enjoy my job. I like my co-workers. That can be a rarity.  I actually dont hate Mondays anymore.  I just don't feel like dying yet. Knowing that I need to go to work so that I can afford to keep my horses who I hope to pro rodeo with some day. I'm tired of watching people live my dream while I watch from the bleachers. Knowing that things will get better To fufill my dreams. If I ever gave up on my younger self and everything that we stand for, I couldn't live with myself Waking knowing that I have someone to praise and that someone that actually keep me alive and having a plan for me on a daily basics. Though not everyday is a good and amazing day, which sure bound to have some challenge in life.. but this are those that have made us stronger. Money.
 I want to do well at work, study to get my certification and afford to stay in this city for the next two years because at that point my boyfriend will have his masters, move here, and we can get engaged. If I didn't have that to motivate me, I'd probably quit. That the worst thing I can do for myself that day would be to stay in bed. I may not enjoy waking up early and going to work, but it's better that I do. Plus I've got dreams and those dreams need money and sleeping in doesn't pay. The countless stories I am yet to hear. I make my cell phone alarm to the most annoying sound I can find, then leave it far away from my bed. Being poor That I am in the army getting paid to learn surgical technology, going to high speed college classes for an associates degree in only 9 weeks which is unbelievably hard but worth it.  I am only 19 years old as well. I'm expected to be awake early every morning, because I'm expected to plan out every day ahead of me, the night before.  Going to school, doing well in school, enjoying my day, observing people, light chat with friends, internet, procrastinating, finishing my work last minute.

It's a boring answer/style, but it works just fine for me considering I was extremely depressed just two years ago and I would not have had an answer to this question. to make something of myself now for my future children later My dog. And not just because she needs to go out. Her excitement to see me is the best. Knowing I'm all she has and she's all I have left keeps me from offing myself  Feeding my kids.  Mon - fri I get up to make money to feed them.   Sat Sunday they jump on me waking me up to feed them.  Knowing that tomorrow may be a little better than the day before...  The chance to make someones life a little better. The mysteries Video games. coffee. pt Because i'm away from my family and friends and here getting experience that will allow me to have a great life in about 2 years..Work today to have a tomorrow . Until then.. it's quite the same ol same ol everyday Short-term:  need to pee, hunger, desire for a strong cup of coffee, crisp Fall morning weather

Longer-term:  the feeling of relief when I finish my work at the end of the day Currently: My best friend who is clinically depressed &amp; suicidal, making sure she's fine for the time being. 

Edit: Just to make sure she's alright at **ALL.**  weed Wanting to be a medical professional or in the public health field. 
I just have to visualize the lines now. I got shit to do Fear of failure. It sounds negative, but the fear of failure drives me more than the joys of success. "You're pretty much on track to do the one thing you're interested in for a living, stop blowing it!"

Later, reflecting on what has been accomplished that day,

"I'm so disappointed in you, me." Obligations. I have to get up and continue to exist in order to one day be able to help operate the world and make sure I can support my quickly aging dad the way he helps me now.  I put my alarm clock across my room, so I have to get out of bed, take off the blankets and turn off the alarm clock so it'll stop beeping. After I turn it off, I usually get the energy to do my morning routine. One day closer to possibly winning the Stanley Cup Poverty. It's too boring to just lay here. And if I'm going to get up, I might as well do something worthwhile. Working pretty good so far.  http://www.reddit.com/r/wildb0yz/ 
I don't know what I would do without this place  Nothing, I get up at around 2pm. My wife. If I wasn't married the physical pain I'm in would dominate my life. I doubt I'd be able to live.  My PSG will kick my ass for being late/skipping PT. My dog.  Even though she's super cuddly in the morning, she still needs her breakfast kibble and morning romp outside. spite
 I get really excited on my B days at school and get up early because in first period there is this really hot guy named Travis and I just hope that one day he will talk to me.... The desire to make money so I can support myself, save for a real estate investment, and get my soon to be fiance the ring she deserves. That's literally it.  I hate sleeping Reddit Gold
 Avoiding the tongue lashing id get if I didnt get up Knowing that in a year and a half, I'll be able to help people with my Social Work degree.  That my alarm clock is on the other side of the room this may sound chessy, but the mere idea of learning something new or something important happening, also, I tend to give myself a lot of intended responsabilities so I stay busy. I need to make myself look beautifulll
 The Law says I must attend school. My cat.  She's my world.  Um...that and...if I stay in bed all day I get stir crazy. The shows that I haven't finished yet. Seriously. If your girlfriend asks you why you get up in the morning you say its because of her. The hope of today being better than yesterday, the hope of not letting those that matter down... sometimes this happens, sometimes it doesn't. my fucking obnoxious alarm clock To experience happiness, alone, and with others. The thought after the alarm clock finally waking me up after 32 minutes of nonstop beeping "OH GOD I'M LATE FOR WORK" gets me up real fast. i might find somebody to love. Money. And on my days off, League of Legends.  The hope that everything will end. 

I don't like living. I will probably fail school, my parents tell me that I should try to finish school, 
but I don't want to graduate.. I don't want a job. I hate waking up and being surrounded by people, that I don't like/don't care about me. I wasn't in school for 2 weeks, nobody asked where I was. 
 CREAM pain, not physical, but mental I work the nightshift in a bar. If I didn't get up in the day and do something, my life would just be working and sleeping... And that's not a life worth living. My mom Making out. Breakfast sandwiches What else have I got to do? Today is one step closer to my ultimate goal - my career, settling down, being content. To check if anything new and interesting is on the internet I'm investing in my human capital so that when the day comes that I am no longer looking after only myself, I will be prepared.  The desire to make today better than yesterday. Seven people depend on me, with varying levels of dependence, to wake them up, solve their problems, make their food, and generally fix everything. And if I don't feed the dog, he will eat the cats eventually.  Wanting to prove myself to be the great person I think/people say I am, and disguised greed. the fact that skipping a class is basically wasting 140 dollars.... I have to feed my cat.  The fact that I'm better than the guy who would stay in bed. Dealing with some issues with motivation and feeling a huge need to be withdrawn it is tough, but my friends, and knowing the future will be ok lets me through everything. To make sure that even the smallest amount of victory I achieve in life, means more than what my ex has ever been given to her.  The fact my alarm is on my refrigerator across the room. $ The fact that I waste $115 every time I skip a class. Damn private liberal arts colleges... That the horrible dream i had will go away when i get out of bed. Afraid to fail myself. I know I'm helping people every day. Just today, I saw a woman and daughter cry, knowing they were going to see their son/brother for the first time in 12 years. I'm bringing happiness to others and that keeps me sane even if I feel like I'm slowly dying on the inside.  My faith that God has something for me to do for Him today. The pursuit of happiness and adventure.  I´m 16 and there is so much I want to do. My morning cigarette. I have a lot of critics I need to prove wrong. Pussy and new gadgets. My son, and WoW  I really enjoy laughing at all the stupid people. Getting rich!  I have my own business. You cant get rich by working for other people. Staring over the edge of the Grand Canyon. You would never throw yourself into the void. 

But you totally could. You could just fling yourself into that and sail down. 

I mean, looking down there, you would never do it. 

But you totally could. I was working as a nanny in Europe for the summer.  It was like every college girl’s dream job.  So I thought.  But the children were awful.  Just awful.  The first words I learned in their language where “You’re fat! You’re ugly! You’re bad!”

No one understands how terrible it is to be verbally (and physically AND chemically- they would purposely pee on me) tortured by two and three year olds unless it actually happens to them.  It is very demoralizing.  And because we lived in the country on a mountain with no internet connection there was very little contact with the outside world.   I would look at old pictures of my friends and family and try to remember that there WERE people who thought I was kind and helpful and pretty.

Eventually I got sooo fed up with those little cute little boys I felt myself slowly loosing it.  As I cut up watermelon for them one day they started to hit and kick me.  It became the same mantra  “You are ugly! You are bad!  You are a bad bad girl!”  I got so angry I started yelling at them, in their own language.  
“I am NOT ugly.  I am NOT bad! I read to you! I play with you!  I clean up your shit!  I take you on the moped!”  And then I switched to my language “ You think I am bad!?  You think I am ugly!?  This is what a bad person would do!”

And I stuffed all the watermelon (a large size) that I had cut up into my mouth.  All of it.  I was choking on watermelon, it was running down my face.  I started crying.  I freaked out the kids.  They started crying.
I know it’s not as bad as some of the comment here. I didn’t almost kill someone, there were no drugs.  But at that moment- I can’t describe it.  I felt crazy.  I felt myself crack.  I wish I could say it got better and we all got along after that.  But at least for that moment, I had scared them enough so that we could, for that small moment, get along.
 Found out my daughter's step grandpa beat her bare ass with a stick. left her with welts and bloody cuts. I was picking them up from his house. Went to buckle her in her seat and she winced and started bawling. Daddy mode kicked in. I kicked his front door off the hinges, grabbed him by the throat and threw him through a window. My ghoulfriend talked me down from seeing red before I broke him too bad. not a good idea to make my girls cry. Had a crazy acid trip where I thought I had died and/or was stuck at this one point in time for eternity. I ended up with a good bit of PTSD when I was 19, had a full blown break from reality, got hospitalized, and tried to escape a few times. That was pretty touch and go there for a while.  I had a nervous break when I was 28. It's really hard to put into words, but I'll do my best. 

I was at Old Navy shopping on a quiet Saturday. My children were spending the weekend with my mother-in-law and my husband was working. I was looking through the sale rack in the children's sections and all of a sudden I KNEW I was surrounded by aliens. I looked around and every person looked totally foreign to me. They looked the same but different than anything I had ever seen at the same time. I felt like everyone was talking and all of the conversations seemed to be at the same whispered volume but really fast. When I turned my head everything would blur then my vision would clear back up and I felt incredibly off balance. I sat down on a display stage area for what seemed like hours. I eventually dropped everything I had in my arms and walked out of the store.

I thought something was wrong with my inner ear so I went home to lay down. I tried to clear my mind and practiced slow breathing exercises but I couldn't concentrate because I was absolutely certain that I could hear my neighbors talking through my air conditioning vents only I couldn't make the words out. It was like I could almost understand it; like when someone is speaking in a foreign language and you can pick up words but the sentence itself is lost to you.

 I can't really describe how I felt emotionally but the closest description would be when you know you need to do something but can't remember what it is. I felt like I needed to jump out of my skin. I started thinking was going crazy and was afraid to tell anyone because I feared they would lock me up and I would never be okay again. It was the most terrifying experience of my life.

 I finally had to call my husband and he met me at a restaurant. He convinced me that I needed to make an appointment with a doctor that day. It was rough for a while but after some therapy and coping skills training I am better.  I still have anxiety problems but nothing like that anymore.

TL;DR - Thought I was schizophrenic turns out I'm just a basket case with control issues Not sure if this counts since it was a couple of years ago and I seem to be okay now, but it was pretty terrifying at the time.

Started out with sleepwalking.  I had never had a history of sleep disorders or anything like that, except for maybe having lucid dreams like all the time (or as I liked to think of them, sex-with-everyone-and-everything-dreams).  One day my dad woke me up with a cocky little smile and said "oh hey there mr.adventurer, where were you going last night?"  I guess he had heard me jump down off my bed at like 3 in the morning and found me getting dressed in my room. That was the first time it happened, and then it happened every night for a couple weeks.  Twice i woke up in the shower (going from deep sleep to shockingly cold water = awful), once in the kitchen, and a couple of times i woke up right as I was exiting the front door.  Like, right as i crossed the threshold, i realized i wasn't dreaming. I've tried to describe the feeling before and the best i can do is to say that it's sort of like the opposite of a lucid dream: instead of realizing that you are dreaming and can do anything, you realize that you *aren't* dreaming and you need to get the fuck back to your bed.  If you have never been a sleepwalker, you are very lucky.  Its really awful to not be in control of your own body like that.

Anyways, then I started fainting a lot. not sure what that was all about.  I was probably just exhausted from wandering about my house in my sleep all night. Aaaaaaand then I started loosing time.  That was really the worst it got.  Imagine youre playing video games, totally relaxed and in the zone, and the next thing you know you're sort of waking up in a different room and two hours have gone by.  That only happened twice, but that's when i started to get really scared.  I still have no idea what i did in the missing time- it only ever happened when no one was home.  One time i found my cat in the closet after i came to.  I don't know how he got in there but i really dont want to believe that it was me.  

Anyways, that was around the time that I got prescribed adderall, and all that shit jsut sort of stopped.  It doesnt compare at all to anyone with bipolar disorder or manic depression or anything like that, of which I am sure there are plenty on reddit.  It was a really scary time though, and I think it has helped me forgive some of the manic people i know for acting crazy when they're off their meds. 

EDIT: fainting, not feinting....  Had surgery.  My surgeon screwed it up &amp; tripled my recovery time.  Then she told me (not in the exact words) that she didn't care about or respect my need to return to work in a specified amount of time.

When I finally returned to work, I found that I had been laid off from a job where I had been making the most money I had ever made in my life.

I had effectively been rendered jobless, and nearly homeless due to a lack of income during my recovery because, as a person with a birth defect, I was not eligible for long-term or short-term disability insurance.  I had to pull $10,000 out of my 401K in order to save my home from foreclosure, I was dealing with an alcholic &amp; mentally ill spouse for whom I had to care, and I already had underlying anger issues.

At one point after being laid off, I gathered a couple of weapons, got dressed, and attempted to leave my house with the intent of going to the hospital where the surgeon worked, and cutting her head off in front of her staff.  My spouse had to physically stop me.

I would've checked myself in somewhere, but without income or medical insurance, my thought process was that it would just make my situation worse.

TL;DR: Surgeon cost me a job &amp; nearly my home due to a screw-up.  Had a mental break and almost attempted murder. I was 22 when my husband of 8 months left. I packed up what I had left and moved 1200 miles to try to make it work. I had no job, no friends, no family, no contacts. I lived in a cheap 1 bedroom apartment and lived off of my savings. There were weeks when I didn't speak a single word to another human being. Weeks. I'm surprised I didn't come out more deranged.  I had a stroke and was in a coma, when I awoke the doctors told me there could have been after effects with my brain function. I had been in the hospital for a month and hadn't looked in a mirror. When I finally did I didn't recognize myself. I kept staring at myself and asking who is that? The scariest feeling in the world. It felt like I was losing my mind. I was entranced before my mom took it away from me. Definitely felt like I could have been insane if she wouldn't have taken it away.  Stuck in an elevator in chennai India with 20 people shoulder to shoulder during a brownout. [deleted] being locked (stuck) in the freezer at kfc.i was getting ready to make some coleslaw, and i kept pulling the handle ,it wouldnt budge. stood thier for a half an hour until i realized, that i should have just pushed the door instead.  yep, i lost it in there! I was taking a nap between classes and had this strange dream where I kept waking up in my dorm, but when I opened the door to go to class I was somewhere else and all kinds of bizarre stuff was happening. I suddenly woke up in my bed again and would head for the door, but when I opened it something else and strange would be happening and again I woke up. This kept happening maybe 50-60 times and I was really scared because I wasn't able to wake up. When I finally did wake up I went to class and just sat there waiting to for the next event to happen, it took about an hour before I was sure that I was really awake.

This story looks like a mess, it probably is, sorry. Back in my neurotic pre-medical undergraduate days before medical school, I began to seriously believe that reality was an illusion. I thought that I was dreaming and that I didn't exist, not genuinely anyway. I somehow convinced myself that this was true, and as a result, I would just sit absolutely still whilst lucidly dreaming with my eyes wide open. I felt like a complex computer program, except I was both the programmer and the program. 

This was a few days before I took the MCAT. I was incredibly overworked and I had prepared for this ONE life-changing test for the entire past year. The sheer amount of pressure focally concentrated upon that one 3-hour time period, that one moment during my entire life was mind-crushing. It detached me from reality.

never again
 [deleted] I was exceptionally depressed and saw a jackhammer and wished someone would jackhammer my skull and put me out of my misery. :/

I'm very happy I've never returned to such a dark place in my brain. Honestly, listening to my step father eat corn on the cob.
I can not deal with the sounds people make while eating.  I become so enraged that I have to physically remove myself from the situation.  Intellectually, I understand that there are some sounds inherent in the eating process, and my feelings toward the person have no bearing on my reaction, but there is an almost physiological reaction to certain sounds people make while eating.
It's not all food, most food is pretty quiet, my wife and son and I all eat dinner as a family every night, but a  bowl of cereal in the hands (or mouth) of another human being will drive me to the brink of rage induced insanity.  My wife understands this, and will often times warn me - "honey, I'm going to eat some potato chips", at which point I will go to another part of the house.
 Was bed ridden for a month. Went from 155 lbs (low body fat) to 140 lbs. Turned out to be tonsillitis. But the fevers made me delirious.

During that month, one fever gave me this intense urge to destroy my car. Like push it over a cliff and completely total it. Very intense waves to urges to do this.

However, in my head I knew I the fever was making me delirious. Took a lot of will power to take off my shoes, back away from the front door, and cool down.

That was just a 10 second episode (first and only). Can you imagine what people with chronic mental issues have to put up with their whole lives?

 Was standing in line for an ATM behind this bitch on her phone talking about cheating on her husband, getting a new credit card without telling him, shit like that.  When she finally got to the machine she fumbled through her purse for a good 5 minutes looking for her card. 

I stood there, card in hand, and said "do you mind?" gesturing to the machine.  She turned, rolled her eyes, and said "you can wait your fucking turn."  It took every fiber in me to not throat punch her.

Now's the good part!

When she finally finds her card and turns to the machine, she drops her phone and it bounces next to my foot.  I kicked that mother fucker into the street.  She looked up at me with a bewildered look on her face and I just said "Cunt", and walked away. Whenever I'm holding something dangerous and am standing behind someone, I have a massive urge to throw at, or, stab them with that object... Estrogen hormones really fucked me up mentally/emotionally. I had no control over how I felt so it was really hard to control my actions. I cried for hours at a concert seeing my favorite band for the first time because I was depressed but I had no reason to be. I'd start a fight with my boyfriend and not know why, 5 minutes later I would apologize and have no reason why I was mad at all.  I was in a store and had a brief psychotic episode - I hallucinated, badly.  I saw everything turn black &amp; white, parts of the walls melting, demonic faces everywhere... I had no idea how long I was gone.  My wife said I was only "away" long enough to see the look of horror on my face.  I'm Bipolar (Type I, diagnosed), but it still freaked me the fuck out.

Not enough to go home, mind you, because who doesn't want some Bed Bath &amp; Beyond to ease a psychotic break? When I was in junior high there was a boy in my class I'll call T. T was later diagnosed with Aspergers, but at the time he was just strange, odd-looking kid. He received a lot of abuse due to this. He internalized this behavior and started to mimic how people treated him in an attempt to fit in.


Once in a blue moon my mother would force me to invite T to sleep over. One particular night, he decided it would be funny to put a pillow over my younger brother's head as "joke." T had two years and probably 60 pounds on my brother, and he was laughing at how funny the situation was.

The first time, I told him to stop it and pulled him off. The second time I put his head through the gap in the railing of my bunk bed. I don't really remember exactly how I did that; I just remember the rage. I was completely fueled by hate. Anger. I wanted that boy dead. 

Obvious regret over this one, and particularly over how the school treated T in general. Kids are little shitheads if adults don't teach them anything.

**TL;DR: Shoved an autistic kid's head through a gap in my bunk bed.** Once I thought about killing someone, then started laughing like a madman about it and how happy I would be if that person died. Then I continued watching tv like nothing happened. I can't honestly say I was going insane, but I think "batshit" would not be inaccurate. 

I was in the Navy and we were doing post-shipyard workups &amp; inspections. Since I was in the engineering department, I was kept pretty fucking busy all the time, as were the rest of the propulsion, power, utilities, and repair personnel. I had just collected another three tasks to go do, and my Top Snipe (senior enlisted in the dept.) gave me two more. I dropped my technical manuals and tools, and shouted:

"GOD DAMN IT, SENIOR CHIEF, I HAVEN'T SHIT IN TWO DAYS!"

I was awarded a stern talking-to (would have been much worse under normal circumstances) and a fifteen-minute break to go and shit.  I have bipolar depression and an unspecified anxiety disorder, so that sort of helps with the crazy...

When I was 14, I sliced my wrist with a broken liquor bottle that I found in a gutter because my mother wouldn't shut up about what a horrible person I was and how I just needed to do her a favor and kill myself. Other people that were around at the time insist that she said nothing of the kind and I basically attacked myself for no reason that they could tell. 

The other notable one was while I was in foster care at about 12. The foster mother told me that I couldn't leave (at like 2 a.m.) and I went insane. I put holes in walls, broke everything that I could reach, took a sledgehammer to her car windows. It took me days to fully calm down...those days were spent in a psych ward and the medical staff finally realized that there might be something a little wrong with me, even though they had been ignoring the concerns I expressed in the past.  Post-Partum Depression. I had fleeting thoughts of hurting my son when he wouldn't stop crying. I NEVER DID. My husband was so helpful during that time. But I was exhausted. One night I turned to him and said, "I don't excuse women that hurt their babies...but I understand them better now." PPD is scary shit. Probably when I felt 3 years worth of guilt all at once. I started hitting myself, pulling violently at my hair and then started running around my neighbourhood in my pyjamas at 3am, barefoot and carrying a torch. At least that part was sensible. It's a delicate balancing act that I do on a daily basis.  Can't explain why or where it comes from, it's just there. Now. I am having difficulty in math. That may not seem bad, but I'm used to missing a week of school and aceing the tests. I have never had to say, 'I don't know what to do here.' I am intelligent, not a genius but I have natural smarts. In the past week I have lost almost 4 pounds from stress, my hair is loose and I have the shakes all the time. I almost started screaming in class last week. I have no idea what to do. I am so lost, I refuse to ask for help because I'm too proud and I won't give anyone the satisfaction of knowing I owe them. I am so lost and no one understands it. In fifth grade I was so advanced I went to a special program on Mondays, now I'm trying to find a way to skip so I don't have to deal with it anymore. I can't do failure. It doesn't work like that. I have started talking to myself more, I am having thoughts that are even more messed up than before and I have had 2 panic attacks. (Like real, heart pounding, sweat inducing, panic attacks. We aren't even two months into school and I feel like I'm going to die. I tried asking the nurse last year when I went through some oher problems and she said she'd set up an appointment with the psychologist,  but never did. It also doesn't help that I am extremely paranoid (can't sit in front of people, have crazy conspiracies I've been able to dismiss (though they seem extremely real sometimes)) so I can't go to anyone. I am probably the closest to dangerously insane I ever will be. someone left one of those $90 white under armor hoodies with the college's logo at the bar on the coat rack for like a week. you know which hoodie i mean... the super fresh super clean one that i could never in a million years be able to afford but always wanted. the one that i knew i could keep stunner white and wear with gym shorts and look **awesome** in. yeah they just left it on the coat rack of the bar that i was logging 35 hours a week at to try and pay my way through my shitty state school. well after my self imposed week of waiting i decided to liberate it. I wore it for about a week and one dreary fall day it started raining while i was in class. walking home down one of the main college streets i was avoiding walking under the trees to keep it from getting schmutz on it and someone land sharked me with the scummy gutter water right onto the stark white hoodie.


worse than that they land sharked me and had their windows down slightly to let their menthol smoke out of the car... and they were laughing. this wasn't an accident. this was a declaration that were better than me with their early 2000's era BMW 5 series. this was them saying their privilege was so much more than mine that my toil was a joke to them. **this was the straw that broke the camels back**.


suddenly they were every loud, obnixious, drunk at the bar that had their daddy's credit car but refused to tip me. they were every person in an m3 that laughed at my v-dub. they were every frat d-bag whose puke i scooped out of a sink with a cup. and they had earned the attention of every fiber of my being. seconds stretched and yards shrank as i sprinted after them down to the stop sign half a block away. i hurled my backpack as a courtesy warning shot and the moment it left my fingers i saw the driver look into the rear view mirror and the panick on his face before my bookbag bounced off the roof. I *almost* made it before the driver mashed the gas and skidded through the intersection. if i had laid out i might have been able to get a hand hold on the trunk lid. later on when i called my mom and told her about it she asked me what plan was if i had gotten to them. i had no real idea. kick my way through the rear window and work my way towards the driver? yell? i had no clue. and that's when i realize that i had chased a car down for splashing me with water and that somewhere in the recess of my mind i was a fucking homicidal lunatic. 



ended up giving the hoodie to my cousin later that year. Some bad bouts with (undiagnosed) depression. At worst, some long-gone thoughts of self-harm, I nearly cried in public while eating alone once. I'm a very healthy 22 year old woman with no history of mental illness, EXCEPT for a brief psychotic episode when I was ~12 brought on by the stress of my parents losing custody of me. After going to live with my g-rents, I went from being a normal, active kid to just sitting in my room all day, without eating or sleeping, just agonizing over how my grandparents were trying to kill me (even though they were being as sweet as can be in the situation). I also thought they could read my mind, and that if I tapped the amount of syllables of every sentence I said onto my hand, that they wouldn't be able to read my thoughts. This all magically went away within a month, and I never think about it unless someone asks me if I ever had a mental breakdown or illness. I usually just respond with "nope". No clue where it came from. Had too many mushrooms, got super paranoid because I was with some friends and someone I didn't know too well. I had to remove myself to a separate bedroom. In that room, there was an old sewing machine/table, and it kept mocking me and the lounge chair in the corner was so annoyed that I even existed, I though about jumping out the window of the third story house to escape it (I had enough sense to know that that would probably not be good) Had really bad depression and wasn't sleeping well. My sleep schedule was so bad I would always have a sleep deficit and this went on for over a year. I could never fix it because if I napped, I overslept and couldn't sleep at night or would be even more tired when I woke up. I would also workout at night when I had the most energy, right before normal bedtime. This all started when I had really bad jetlag from China. I was also in a really dark place at the time mentally and just felt really negative about everything. I didn't have energy, couldn't concentrate on anything, had no motivation. Even if I was nearly shitting my pants, I had to force myself out of bed with all my energy after lying there for hours. What once brought me joy meant nothing to me and my failures were devastating for my confidence and sense of self worth. I was also having suicidal thoughts throughout this year constantly. Either I was thinking about how much I sucked, how tired I was, or how I was going to kill myself. Eventually I got to the point where I didn't know what was reality and what was a dream. I couldn't tell if I was actually awake, if these people I'm seeing are real, if these events are actually occurring, if these noises were actually sounds. I was so tired, but I couldn't sleep. Even resting took effort. I felt sick and trapped in a dream-like state for a good portion of the year. I was sure that I would either go crazy or kill myself.  When I had too much acid, and when I had too much hash and weed and keef, two separate events.

When I was in the car on acid, I was seeing the street lamps and other lights and things go in and out of my view as I stared through the windshield, and I was imagining a baby being born and living out its first few days seeing everything new for the first time. 

I was freaking out and imagining what if I get stuck and I keep seeing everything for the first time and every second I'm stuck in some trance, being overloaded with visual and physical stimuli (the physical sensations were freaking me out too). I kept telling myself of course it'll all be over when the trip fades, but I had this FEELING that it was permanently rewiring my brain to just keep experiencing this over and over again and have to be retaught everything, if it's even possible to get out of it.

Then on my super overloaded weed trip, I got permanent PTSD about 4 years ago and it's made every single day after that very depressing and dark, no matter what goes on. My birthday felt so surreal, it felt fake, all the happiness in the atmosphere felt fake and dying, and all I could think was that just a few dozen more and I could be gone, or I might just decide to kill myself in a year or two.

A little weed is good, but far too much can damage you mentally. It can make you peel off the layers of reality too quickly and think in a certain way that just makes you feel life is completely pointless and depressing.

I remember that experience every time it gets close to my birthday, because it happened just a week or so before my birthday. My birthday is on the 11th, and I'll be turning 24. No college degree, can't study or get better at anything because of my PTSD. Weed, alcohol, ginseng, exercise, caffeine, fresh meat and produce diet, lots of clean water, none of it helps me get better emotionally or intellectually. 

I feel like such a sack of shit. I've nearly gone insane, I've nearly concluded suicide was my best option, I've seen a few people almost get murdered, I literally felt like my organs were boiling and decaying and killing me on too much weed and had a NDE and so many dark and depressing thoughts with full-body emotional energy surging through me with each thought, permanently branding those experiences to every cell in my body so that I would never forget.



So yea, anyone planning on doing drugs, or getting bored of their drugs and are planning a huge drug trip... don't. Take drugs in moderation not just for your physical health or to save money, but most importantly for your mental/emotional health. I'm only about to turn 24, and I'm four years into what feels like hopeless permanent PTSD, combined with the PTSD I already got before I even turned 13 from other events that traumatized me. 

Mental health destruction from drugs sucks, people. I can't even describe how different my life has felt from when I was 10 to just a few years later, and then again when I was 20.

If your drugs aren't intense enough for you, don't increase dosage, just take the same amount, or less, and DO something. Play crazy fast videogames on an extreme difficulty and see if your hallucinogens or stimulants will make you master them. Try to listen to every note being played in a technical death metal solo or speed metal solo. Go for a jog or bike ride. Sit outside in a park and try to focus on all of what you see, and all of what you hear, taste, smell, etc. Don't increase drug dosage, increase your physical activity in the outside world. That's how you live life, that's how you experience the universe. It may be too late in this thread for my comment to be noticed but here it goes anyway...

I currently take anti-depressants. The first few months when I started, I had just ran out on one of my prescriptions and was getting ready to call in to have it refilled at my pharmacy. When I looked at the bottle, I noticed that it said I didn't have any refills left. I thought "This is strange, I was supposed to have 1 more refill before I had to go back to the doctor m\for a medication check." It was the weekend, so I couldn't call my doctor and have them call in an order for more refills for me. So I thought, "Its only the weekend. I can go without them for 2 days."

Boy was I wrong.

The morning of the first day was fine. I felt fine waking up and fine on my way to work. But as the day dragged on, I started to feel a bit strange. A little dizzy and disoriented. Felt like I couldnt keep it together. I thought nothing of it and tried to shake it off and maybe I could sleep it off and feel better in the morning. 

Nope.

When I woke up, it felt like I lost my mind. I lacked the ability to actually get up, so I rolled off my bed onto the floor. I huddled up in the corner of my room and just started rocking back and forth. I couldnt think straight. When I tried to think, the only think I could imagine was a T.V. set that was set to a static channel. I just kept hearing static and white fuzz. Even when I could think, my thoughts were a jumbled mess. I had to concentrate on how to walk and keep my balance. I would be trying to do a tack and my brain would just stop processing information and I would turn into a zombie. I had to slap myself in the face to regain my focus. 

That was the worst two days I have ever had in my life. I could barely think. Barely walk. Couldn't keep myself together. Spent my day huddled up in the corner of my room. Kept trying to convince myself that I wasn't crazy. Over and over I kept saying "You're not crazy. You're not crazy. You're not crazy." I'm fine now. That was a long while ago. But it still freaks me out that missing two days of a medication your on can do that to a person.  I lost my grandmother and my fiancee left me in the same month about a year ago. I stopped eating and lost about 20 pounds after a week. I went into Kaiser to get treatment, basically they just threw pills at me and told me I was getting better so I could get the fuck out. I spent the next few months just pretending to live but in my mind I had died and I was in hell and if I could just go ahead and pull the trigger or jump off a bridge it would at least be over. I gradually got better but a little bit of that disconnect from the world is still there. I did some pretty reckless shit as well and now I am paying for it. It has been pretty hard and I some days I wish I could give up.  Friendly giant over here.

In college I saw two frat bros pants a kid with autism in front of the entire dorm that was outside for a fire drill.

Snap.

I couldn't even conjugate words I was so angry. What an adrenalin rush; to be that angry. I beat one of them up pretty bad after he tried to swing at me. The other one just watched along with 300 kids or so. I got a lot of cheers afterwards. No one fucked with that kid ever again Creating a throwaway for this one. For context, I was an extremely clingy person who didn't want to grow up.

  So in highschool, I had this mad crush on a girl from grade 7 all the way to grade 11. No, actually, I didn't have a mad crush on her, I was madly in love with her, so throughout those 5 years I did whatever I could to get this girl to like me. Throughout these 5 years I tried to open conversations, do activities with eachother, try to get her attention like a pathetic mutt.  But holy crap, I was just being a straight up creep and stalker, up to the point where I tried to find out where she lived. 

  It got to the point where I loved her so much that there was literally not a time when I was thinking about her. I was just losing my mind over this girl. I didn't know much about her and all information gathered about her was through acquaintance's, I literally never actually met this girl in a personal level. Crap, I just knew that she would never like me back and I got severely depressed to the point where I just gave up on life because if I didn't have her, I didn't have a reason to live. After my depression, I went straight into anger, to which I thought of just straight up murdering her because I told myself that If **I** couldn't have her, **No one can**. 

I wasn't actually going to do it, I knew of the consequences and that it was a stupid idea, but at the same time, it wasn't(I obviously never told anyone about these thoughts of mine, everyone thinks I'm a normal person). She wasn't the only factor driving me off the edge however. As graduation came closer, I started to come to the realization that I will be leaving the place I considered a second home. That I will be going in a different direction in life then my peers. I had a lot of friends in that school and I was practically friends with 90% of the students in my grade and just the idea of leaving them all, my basically second family, was almost as bad as knowing that I will never get the girl to like me. I didn't want to become an adult, I didn't want to do adult things because I didn't see the point in living, as mentioned before. I didn't see a future in myself if I didn't have a future with her.

 On graduation night, I had planned on commiting suicide on that day. So I came early to grad, got my gown, hung out with my friends for 2 hours before we had to go up on the stage and then partied. When the best night of my life was finally over, I had sneaked out one of the knives that we got to use for the dinner we were served and I had slit my throat. I was bleeding everywhere and no one had any idea why, they thought I just lost it out of no where. I was sent to a mental institution a couple weeks after the events of my attempted suicide. I got out 4 years later. No one I knew knows what happened to me and I'm still in love with that girl, just not as madly in love as I was.

It's been 2 years since I've been out. I'm for the most part fine now, just a bit depressed. Life's hard on me right now too, with school and what not, and I still really like that girl, just not as badly. The worst part is, I knew I had a problem but I just didn't know how to handle it.

I don't really like talking about this because it was possibly the lowest moment in my life but I just felt like it was time to share my story. I was at the library to print off something for my class. One of the printers was broken so the line was really long. Sucks but what are you gonna do? Someone was printing a shitload of pages too. Really annoying, but whatever. When I finally get to print my paper, I go over to the stapler desk to find yet another giant line. Why you ask? Because this bitch was standing there stapling like a hundred separate packets with one hand cause she was having some inane bullshit conversation on her cellphone. There were like 20 people behind this bitch waiting to staple shit, and she's lazily picking through her 1,000 page stack of paper, finding the next packet bundle, and awkwardly fumbling the pages into the stapler with her one open hand.

I wanted to badly to grab her phone, throw it, stomp it, scream at her, punch her, etc. Closest I've ever come to completely losing my shit in public. Living in New York City. 

A filthy, smelly mass of humanity.  Had some bi polar flavoured symptoms going on at a time and on an up day I decided to play silly buggers in the traffic and then power drank energy drinks and cheap wine.  When in listening to conversations of classmates I hate. I feel like I could just go insane all over their asses at any moment. gf cheated on me. i was surprised when i thought to myself "i now understand how some situations can make people do something crazy". i didn't do anything crazy but i sure thought about it. oh and contemplated suicide. i guess crazy fiery death was what i had in mind.  Diagnosed with depression when I was in my mid teens. Fast forward to about 21, for a week straight I was a nervous wreck for no reason. I had a hard time sitting still, but couldn't focus enough to get anything done. Very hard to explain, but scared the shit out of me.  Put a gun in my mouth last year. I have dysthimia and bipolar 2 disorders and they are not a fun mix. I get fearfully paranoid, anxious, angry, etc...so whenever these extreme bouts hit it becomes hard to cope with life in general. 

But specific moments were:moving to different schools, moving internationally, moving back. Listing friends, a girlfriend. All of those days spent either in the dark of my room or in public and not trusting my own brain to trust me and vice versa, were very difficult. And the worst part is I feel like I can't confide in anyone. So it'll just be vicious cycle. Every time I think about secondary school and some of the people that spent their spare time traumatising me. It was nothing major (compared to some of the horrors other people have been through) but it was still a huge portion of my life.

In ways in made me who I am today, but every so often I really want to find where they live and just screw with their life. Not kill them or anything, just hurt their lifestyle, fuck with them a little, let the air out of their tyres, pour bleach on their lawn, put superglue on their front door before they come home from work.

But then I remember how those kind of things get people in trouble.

Edit: and this is how I spend my cakeday. Years ago I had a total meltdown and started screaming and panicking in the middle of a busy street. I tried to run in front of traffic but thankfully my friend who was with me at the time stopped me. I ended up curling into the foetal position in an alleyway and stayed there in a stupor for about half an hour.  
It really freaked me out though because I'd never experienced anything like that before and haven't experienced it again since.  
  
I'm just thankful that this was before camera phones became ubiquitous because, yeah, that would have ended up on YouTube.  Chantix. 

The "stop smoking" medication messed me up in ways I cannot fathom. I'd go into detail here, but you can just google around for the side-effect horror stories. They are true. The girl I was in love with broke up with me and for almost 3 months, i would ride my motorcycle way to fast, run from cops, just generally doing insanely stupid shit in the hopes I would mess up and die.  Earlier this year, my ex fiance was drinking constantly and not working while I regularly put in 12 hour (at least) days at 2 different part time jobs. He also started to show very mentally unstable behaviors-mood swings, telling stories about things that never happened, etc...I couldn't deal with it. I stopped sleeping, I couldn't eat because every time I tried, my throat closed up. Throughout the month of March, I barely slept at all (72+ hours of being awake at points). 

I lost the ability to tell reality from the dreams I'd have when I'd take an hour-long catnap, which led to some exceedingly awkward situations. I started hearing music and voices and seeing people that weren't there. I remember trying to go outside one night for some fresh air and running back into my house because I was convinced there were monsters hiding in the fog waiting to kill me. I became absolutely terrified to sleep-I was convinced if I did sleep, someone would try to kill me. I'd drive home from work with my windows wide open (in March, in CT) with my AC blasting and the most obnoxious music I could find playing at full blast because I was terrified of falling asleep behind the wheel. 

It all ended when I told my drunk, nasty ex to pack a bag and leave. He did. Later that day, for the first time in over a month, I ate an entire meal and slept for more than an hour, and I haven't looked back since.  I've had intrusive thoughts pushing their way past my "normal" thoughts more and more lately. I'm also in the process of overcoming a painkiller addiction that is harder to break than humanly possible. He problem is that I've also self-diagnosed myself with depression, anxiety, and body dismorphic disorder. Add this onto the stress of work, buying and remodeling a house, raising my daughter and trying not to let my ex screw her up, watching my parents slowly spiral towards divorce and you have a bundle of nerves ready to snap. Self harm has showed its face a few times, going to the gym has helped the stress level a bit, and my sexual "perversions" aren't being met (this takes a huge toll on my psyche). Been on the verge of turning left into a phone poll at a high rate of speed too many times. And I have a fear of seeking professional help at the risk of losing my daughter. TL:DR at bottom

Living on my own, just out of uni, I was working at a company for one year when all of a sudden they stopped paying me.   This lasted for two and a half months until i resigned.  Every time i asked to get paid i got the run around.  "We're waiting for something"-replace something with some kind of money coming in to the company-every. time.  During these two and a half months I burned through all of my savings and was at my credit limit, which was a complete mindfuck considering i was one paycheque away from being debt free for the first time in  my life before this happened.  When i quit they were convinced i got another job, although i quit because i was the only one in my office not being paid and i was starving myself and was thinking that the eviction process was going to start as soon as i missed my first on-time rent payment-it happened before.  I started getting very weird and angry.  I'm pretty sure this came out in job interviews as i was having no luck, anywhere.  I was constantly trying to get the owner to pay me and he always did the "by this day next week" and then when i gave him that plus one more day and asked him about whats going on he'd say the same thing except that it was weeks from the present- like he forgot what he previously said.  This happened for 3 months, at which point i file my complaint with the labor board.  I also lost the love of my life at this time, she was my first girlfriend from high school, because as chris rock says "If you lose your job, she wont break up with you right away, but the countdown has started".  After waiting 2 months for the labor board to get back to me, still havent,  I found out that he deleted my contact from his bbm and i could no longer reach him by any other means.  I was fuming considering i was at the end of my parents generosity and was going to have to move into a van, or homeless, by the end of that month-cant move in with parents they wont accept my animals.  I was ready to kill the guy, and i have never even been in a physical altercation in my life.  All i thought about was him, my tormentor.  I was thinking of many ways to do it.  I knew where his child went to school and where he lived.  I was planning to either set his house on fire with molotovs, put sleeping gas in the vents and rob/stab him.

There is no conclusion.   I might be homeless by the end of the month if nothing goes my way.  But i stopped myself from hurting him.  The love i had for my two animals, and what i received from them, was enough to make me get out of the anger spiral.  

Tl:DR After not paying for months of employment, then constantly giving me the run around for months after i resigned, i snapped when he stopped communicating with me.  My animals brought me out of it.  He can thank them Doctor put me on Concerta after an ADHD diagnosis..I was on generic methylphenidate before hand (Ritalin) but it wore off too quickly, Concerta was supposed to fix that but instead it offered no benefit, then made me crash hard 3 hours after taking it and I would spend the entire afternoon barely able to walk, completely exhausted, depressed, tired..would cry for hours for no reason, wake up every day thinking about killing myself because I felt no positive emotion. After a month of this I went back, told my doctor everything, even the suicidal thoughts..his reply? "Let's try one more month". 

Never picked up the prescription, never looked for a different doctor, never took ADHD meds again. My life would be a lot better if I could find some that worked, but I'm terrified to try again after that experience. It's been 4 months and I'm just now coming out of the depression part.  I've had a few pretty bad breakdowns the last couple of years, I don't think they were full on nervous breakdowns, but when they happened I felt so sad and hopeless, that nothing was ever going to get better and I was a worthless waste of space. I cry for hours. I always recover for a few months, but it still gets to me. I am living in a homeless shelter and my grades are slipping, I've been to 8 different schools systems in the last year and sometimes it seems like there's nothing I can do. I get back up though, crying and wishing for it to get better isn't going to help. I've recently gotten with some really cool people and now I think I am slowly recovering. I'm sorry if I got a bit sidetracked, I guess I just needed to vent a little, thanks for listening guys. going off an SNRI cold turkey.

in my defense, it was giving me night terrors. like i was waking up screaming and crying. and i was paralyzed with fear at all hours.

however, the comedown sucked. i would get these "zaps" as though I were being shocked, they would go all the way up through the top of my head. people would say i looked like i was being shocked. i felt like i was going to fall over dead all the time, just always hot in a prickly way and itchy, or else getting cold sweats. and i got these headaches where it felt like my brain was going to ratchet right out of the top of my head. also, for whatever reason, they wouldn't start me on anything else until i got everything out of my system, so i lived like  that for a month. which means i was also back to my normal anxiety and depression.

fun time overall When i was first diagnosed with bipolar. A part of my mind was very homicidal. I am not that kind of person, and I was terrified about this nasty voice in my head.  I've posted this before so I'm just going to copy and paste:

i have bipolar, but have only been manic a few times in my life. mostly i am depressive. well i had my biggest manic episode ever about this time last year and had no idea how to cope. i got super paranoid and thought people were watching me and that the police were after me. i would get high and write down all of these things that i thought were profound insights in pieces of paper and then hide them thinking people were reading them. i thought i was figuring out a system or something. i wouldn't sleep or eat for days and when i was around other people i was clearly not okay, talking incredibly fast and saying really grandiose things.
this episode ended with me crashing hard and sitting in the corner of my room with all of my electronics unplugged to make sure no one was watching me through the lenses on my computer or phone. i had run around the apartment earlier turning off all the electronics in everyone's rooms to make sure no one was watching me and scared the shit out of my roommate when i told him he had to take the battery out of his phone because the cops might be after us. i turned my phone on periodically to listen to the police scanner to make sure they weren't after me. my shrink called me to ask why i was 40 minutes late for our session and i told her i couldn't leave the house because i was being watched.

it was also then that i realized how crazy i sounded and was terrified to leave the house because i knew i wasn't right in the head. I ended up confessing to my roommate that i was not okay and that i needed him to just sit up with me until i felt better or went to sleep. he stayed up with me all night as i sat there, terrified of how crazy i felt, trying to distract me with movies and such. i ended up passing out exhausted after being up for several days straight and slept on the couch for like two days. i remember that in the period right before i ended up falling asleep, i was so far gone that i was starting to have visual and auditory hallucinations. my roommates would wake me up to give me my medicine and feed me and such. (GGG roommates, dealing with all of my bullshit and taking care of me without judgement.)

when i woke up from my two day sleeping binge i felt much more sane, thank god, and i got it together long enough to go to my doctor and get my medicines adjusted. now i'm fine, but i was going through my old notebooks the other day and the scribbles were a little bit disturbing. it was like something you would see in a movie about someone who had tons of paper plastered all over their walls caught up in a conspiracy theory that doesn't exist. threw those away. so yeah, i definitely questioned my own sanity. i can honestly say i didn't feel sane at all in that moment. but i was still there experiencing all of it. its like watching your own mind go out of your control.

TL;DR: Got super paranoid and locked myself in my house because I thought someone was watching me. Started hallucinating. Scary as fuck. Oh boy.

TL;DR I tried to control my mother's will through suicide.

I have no idea how this came about, and it hasn't happened since, AND I have no proof, all I can say, is that this did happen. I was much younger than I am (18), probably in the 7th grade or so. I was going through a very difficult time, what with my parents divorcing, and I always felt like I heard a voice in my head. However, I felt that was insane, and pushed it away. One day was different. I ended up flipping shit that day for some stupid reason, and decided the best way to CONTROL MY MOTHER would be to take a steak knife, open a vein, and then pinch it closed. If she didn't fuckin' comply, I would release my grip. Upon arriving home, I took the knife and started sawing away at my left arm, a few inches above the wrist. The knife was dull, and a little rusty, but serrated. A little ways into it, the pain snapped me out, and I entered the most terrifying and awkward few days of my life. Still dunno what happened. All pretty well now. I do still have a nasty looking scar (didn't go get stitches or anything). Nice reminder. I took myself off SSRI medication (Zoloft, 100mg) that I had been taking daily for 5 years.  I had been without it for 5 days at the longest before then and thought that would have been the worst of it. I could not have been prepared for 8 weeks of the most horrifying thoughts and desperate fear the withdrawals caused. At one point, I remember thinking "this is the way you will feel forever. It's really best if you don't wake up in the morning."  It never occurred to me to actually DO anything to cause myself harm, but I was more than OK with the idea of being dead. It would only be fair to my husband, children and family. It would be abusive to force them to live with such a broken down piece of shit who can't be trusted to get up and take a shower much less be responsible for the well being of others.  At one point, hubs made tacos for dinner. Upon discovering that the sour cream container in the fridge was empty, I threw it at him (in front of my kids) and laid facedown on the living room floor screaming until I passed out. I refused to eat for two days.  Another evening, my husband posted a FB status that I thought made him come off like an asshole. I was so mortified at the thought of my family reading that status. I asked him to take it down and he refused. I responded by pulling bobby pins out of my hair one by one and throwing them at his face as hard as I could. The worst thing during both of those fits was that my rational brain was totally functional the entire time, just being overridden by my emotional brain. I kept telling myself that I was out of control, that I was being irrational, that I was behaving badly and reacting poorly but I couldn't stop myself at all. I really thought I was never coming back.  I swear, my husband should be up for sainthood after that mayhem.  His support is the only thing that kept me afloat.  I have been SSRI-free for about 8 months now and am mostly back to my pre-meds self.  I feel human again, but those out-of-control feelings haunt me still. I never want to feel like that again.

TL;DR: Came off of psych meds, lost control of rational thought. Better now. When I was 14 I took a shot at my dad with a shotgun. My dad was physically abusive when angry, stressed, or drunk. Needless to say we had a very rough relationship, my mom was not much better as she was a drunk and junkie. 

Why you would ever put a shotgun in the hands of a 14 year old who was as much a mess as I was. I had a history of violence, arson, theft and ass hattery. My dad  thought it would be a good idea to go hunting. 

So there he was walking in front of me and I pulled the shot gun up to my shoulder, took aim at his head and fired. He had the luck of angels on his side, because right at that moment he stepped in a hole and stumbled causing me to miss. I played it off as an "accident", but we never went hunting together again. 

 This may get creepy.

So this was last year. I was just on reddit, on my phone at like 3 A.M when I hear what seemed like the woodboard floor creak.

Now for some background. If you go along the hallway in my house, by the end of it, there's a door to the left (almost always open) that leads to the house entrance. At night the only thing you can see when it's dark is the alarm's keypad, which glows.

So after hearing the woodboard floor creak I was creeped out, since I was sure that my parents were sleeping, so reluctantly I get up, turn on the hallway light (not really powerful) and get to the door I mentioned, but when I looked I didn't see the alarm light. I stood there for some seconds and my eyes started ajusting to the light, that's when I noticed a silhouette, and it was definitely not human. I run to my bed and cover myself up completely, I didn't know what to think about that. 

After what seemed like 1-2 hours I came to the conclusion that my mind was playing tricks with me and I calmed down, but I still couldn't sleep. Eventually it was daytime and I went on my day, still thinking about that.

Fastforward a few weeks. At this point I wasn't scared anymore, but still hadn't forgotten it. I was in bed again, I don't know the time, just trying to fall asleep when I hear it again, the woodboard floor creak, and again, my parents are asleep. I stay under the sheets for a long time deciding to whether to check it or not. If I stayed, I'd be safe (that's what I thought), but if I went I would ease my mind and realize it was just my imagination. After debating this with myself for quite the long time, I start thinking rationally, get the courage, pick up my phone for a flashlight and go to the door again.

I couldn't see the light, my heart started racing, my hands shaking. My eyes adjust to the light and I see the silhouette again. "Do I turn the phone light on? Do I want to see what that is?". I started feeling the sweat on my nose, my whole body, I could hear my own heart beating. I looked for a rational answer to the situation, and I couldn't find it, and what was fucking with my head even more, was that there also wasn't an irrational one. "Why doesn't it do anything?". I was on the verge of crying, and I just wanted for it to end. I didn't want to go back and be afraid for the rest of my life, to be afraid of the dark and never feel safe again. So I spoke. "What...(I take a deep breath)...what do you want from me?". A deep voice from the dark answered. "I need 'bout tree fiddy". That's when I turned my phone's flashlight up and saw that the thing blocking the light was actually 500 feet tall and from the paleolithic era!"I ain't givin you tree fiddy, loch ness monster, get your own goddamn money!" And it went away, I hope it doesn't come back again.

It was definitely the weirdest thing I've ever experienced. This is from years back in my wild college days. My buddy and I took some shrooms, had some fun, decided to have more fun and double dosed. As time passed, (somewhere within the hour I spent talking to myself in the mirror) I believed I had came upon a new realizition of soceity and would forever have a different perspection of how the world worked, yet I knew no one would ever understand it. I felt as if I has 'broke' my brian and at that time, felt as though I'd never function the same again.

I came dangerously close to using my father's handgun to shoot myself in the head that night. Fuzzy logic.  I'm a small town rural chick. I don't really deal with heavy traffic a lot, unless I leave town. 
I have to travel by major city hubs that are heavily congested if I want to visit my parents across state. 
This... is very bad for me, and causes me severe anxiety. I hate traffic so much. It makes me go a little nuts with the freaking out and whatnot. Pregnancy.  Nothing "close" about it.  Just matter-of-factly, dangerously insane.  I've been trying to close on a house since early August.  Meanwhile I have a 4 hour round-trip commute while I wait.  Every week it seems we play a game of "what can we do to MrBurrowDweller that might cause him to savagely whip all our asses?" I was having pretty horrible panic attacks one and I just wanted them to end. I thought the best thing would be to to go to a hospital and get sedated. So I started begging my mom to take me to a hospital so I could get sedated and just go to sleep. (This was between the usual ramblings of wishing I was dead, hating that I have this happen, why me oh god, wishing I hadn't been born, etc) My mom was trying to be rational and explained that they wouldn't sedate me just because I asked. I told her I would do whatever I had to in order for them to deem me 'crazy' or dangerous enough to sedate me.

I didn't end up going to the hospital, instead I managed to get down some klonopin - probably a little too much in retrospect - and that got me to sleep after a bit. But I meant what I said in that moment. If my mom had taken me, I would've done anything I needed to get sedated. Scream, throw things, attack nurses, attack myself - anything that would have gotten someone to put me out. And it's kind of scary to know I have that somewhere in me.  I have D.I.D, so I'm pretty sure I am insane.  Staying awake for 56hrs straight my first week of bootcamp. It was a combination of never flying anywhere in my life with not knowing the 79 other guys in my division. Moved 1600 miles away from the woman I will marry for my job...got called about three bills that never got settled totalling $2100 dollars...family im staying with stole some of my stuff...depression set in along with a massive panic attack...almost drove off a bridge to end it all...never did I think id get to that point but I did... Wal-Mart. I have never been as furious as I was this one day when I was trying to return a car battery.

My truck starter went out, but I hadn't diagnosed it immediately. So, I went to Wal-Mart to buy a battery thinking that was the problem. I asked the sales clerk "I can return this if I don't need it, right?" She explains to me how I need to bring it to customer service in the event I need to return it.

I test the battery, but of course, it wasn't the problem. So, the next day, I bring it back to Wal-Mart to get my 90 bucks back. I bring it to customer service when this huge cow of a woman steps up to the register. This woman had a mustache and an IQ of ~65.

She begins to tell me how it's not their policy to take batteries back, blah blah blah. She pulls out this little binder to show me the policy.

At this point, I'm so mad I'm shaking (I'm a really easy going dude, too). So I lay into this woman, telling her how the other clerk said I could return it, etc. She doesn't budge, which further fueled my rage. 

Now, my SO steps in and pushes me away from the counter and tells me to calm down. I looked dead at the woman behind the counter and said, "You'll give me my money back, or I'll go apeshit in this place." I even pointed my finger at her. I might have even mentioned something about blowing the Wal-Mart up.

Eventually, they called a manager over (a 5 foot tall girl with a spiked bracelet and red hair). She sighs and says, "just give him his money."

In this scenario, I won. But, I'm confident that if they hadn't given in, I probably would have ended up in jail that day.

**TL;DR** Almost went insane at the returns dept. of Wal-Mart. When I was pregnant with my second child, I was really really sick. I couldn't hold down any food or liquid. I was really uncomfortable, so I had a hard time sleeping. I started hallucinating and lost time because I would drift off to sleep for a couple of minutes. My memory was shit because I had a hard time focusing. I cried a lot. I seriously thought I was going crazy.  
  
Thank god for being put on an IV for two weeks and a Zofran pump for a month. EVERY DAMNED DAY. Pretty much anytime I go to school. Broke up with long term boyfriend whilst on the contraceptive pill. I don't even know what was going on with my hormones but I would not stop crying in public and I literally sat rocking myself backwards and forwards for hours on end at home. I barely spoke, didn't eat... It was not like me at all. That was definitely the closest I've been to insanity. I must have been between the ages of 12-14, I don't quite remember the time period. I was walking out side my folks place with a shovel to do some house work. As I was walking past my parents garage my older brother just slaps me across the face. not particularly hard but hard enough to sting. All I remember of the following 5 seconds is being hit in the face --&gt; Blackness --&gt; Stopping the shovel from a full on swing about 2 inches from his face. then I was so mad, just feeling so mad. I've never been so mad before and what was worse is I couldn't work it off or get it so subside. I wasn't even mad at my brother, it was just this super intense burning in me and i couldn't get the feeling down. 

TL;DR: **Almost gave my brother the coolest nickname, "shovelface"**  Everyday I have to be extremely mindful of my perception of the people around me. PTSD and bipolar disorder cause me to misinterpret a lot as well as have the occasional psychotic symptom which means I have to constantly be in the moment and not let my mind go sailing away into some delusion.  The power had been out since 9PM, and I woke up around 2AM...still no power. I laid back in bed, and all of a sudden everything was shaking, the trophies on my shelf fell off, my keyboard fell off my desk. I had no idea what was going on, car alarms started going off. I thought the world was ending. It lasted about 20 seconds. I was preparing to die...turns out it was just an earthquake. 

Not really dangerously insane but about to go insane from the thought of dying this way.  Can't decide between playing hexagon for 5 hours straight with a buddy while high or taking a bath on acid. Man being under water while on acid is some strange shit! Even in a bathtub!  The last few weeks of my life. after I tried salvia.  

Still not sure if I'm in the correct universe. Would you even know it? When my awesome (sarcasm) second step dad hit my mother...   Grabbed a baseball bat and left my house at 3am with the intent of beating someone unconscious. Basically was looking for trouble in the "hood" where I live to release some bottled anger/stress. Ended with me tailing someone until I started getting tired and called it quits. In my last two years of college, I was a full-time student, plus I worked full-time hours (without full-time pay or benefits). I hadn't had a true day off in months. I was single and lonely and desperately tired, and one day I started talking to myself in the car, pretending I was talking to a boyfriend or some other significant other. Before long, however, it had devolved into me screaming uncontrollably. I broke up with my imaginary boyfriend, and then turned all that rage on myself. I was so angry I blacked out for a second or two, and came back to myself to realize I had driven home, I guess, more or less on auto-pilot. I sat in the car, crying, for about an hour. I had never been so angry in my life and I was sure I could have gotten myself or someone else killed. It was very frightening. Finally, I went in, had a cup of tea, and went to bed early. I called in sick to work and classes the next day, and I've been very careful never to let myself get that desperate for personal TLC again. I'm OK now, but that's definitely my psychotic break moment. When my girlfriend of 5 years and I broke up, I didn't handle it well. I became a zombie in my own skin. I would stare at my computer screen at work, completely unmotivated to do anything. I didn't care about a single thing, all I wanted was for the constant mix of emotions to stop.  I put myself into such a deep depression that I would fantasize about suicide on a regular basis. Sometimes while driving I would get so angry or emotional that I would just press down the pedal as far as it would go. 100.. 120..130. All the while, I'd think "what if I just wrap this car around a tree", as if some part of me really wanted it to happen. Thinking back, I'm lucky I didn't hurt myself or anyone else. To think that I had such consistent negative emotions that a part of me wanted to end my life just to stop them, is pretty terrifying. I'm glad to say I'm doing much better now When I met the Ambien Walrus. Do all those years racing motorbikes count? Bought rope, tape, and a golf club. The guy was and is a miserable pile of shit and I was going to seriously enjoy beating him. To death.

He still deserves it. The only thing stopping me is the law (will that always be enough?).  I was in middle school, and went to scout camp. Did some thing where I stayed an extra week with another troop. Well, those other kids from the other troop hated me. After a full week of being bullied and fucked with, on the second to last night this one kid took my hat, and was running around while everyone ( adults included ) laughed. That was my breaking point. I jumped on his back and started pounding on his head. They had to pull me off him, I wasn't going to stop. I wanted blood. I probably would of used a rock if there was one nearby. 

That night, they kept me kinda to the side until the parents of another kid who was from my troop came to get him, and they took me home. Not a word was spoken about it... I was in a mental hospital for depression. On the second day, I was taking a shower, and I started staring at the cuts criss-crossing my arm. And for some reason, I started to giggle. Uncontrollably. It grew in strength until I could hardly stand, my stomach hurt, the whole time I was fixed on the cuts. Later on, I realized that I almost snapped at that moment.  I stopped taking almost all my psychiatric medications for a week. Was working on rotating shift as a low-paid chemist. Short staffed at our lab, plus the fact that the lab was running 24/7, all year long ... so 12-16 hr shifts everyday was not uncommon. there is a reason sleep deprivation is used as an interrogation technique. 

After a couple months of this work, without any contact for days at a time with other human beings except for the next lab shift worker (not a pleasant person btw), I started to crack. I kid not when I say that my life during that time consisted of just working, and sleeping...nothing else. I started avoiding contact from family most of the time, since this was my first job out of school and they simply told me to "deal with it"...this of course probably made things worse, since I felt weak and powerless unable to handle my work.

 I needed some form of escape, so I started having multiple intrusive thoughts...be it burn down the lab building, jumping off the top of the building, etc. I even came to the point where I was just sitting in my car after pulling into my garage, when I thought about just ending it right there...just close the door with the car still running, and slowly slip away. Somehow I snapped out of it luckily, and turned off the car, and went up to bed. I gave my 2 weeks notice after that, and was able to find a better job a month later. The rest is history

TL;DR: Worked around the clock for a shit job causing chronic sleep deprivation. Had mental break leading to near suicide.  Nearly lost it over a bad break-up...
Medication and therapy helped. I was engaged and he broke up with me via text.

I distinctly remember having a moment where time just froze and all I could manage to feel was numbness and blind fury. Easy.   About 5 years ago the gas company had a faulty gas meter had been reading it at minimum usage for 3 months.  Now at this point I had just bought my own place, had only paid about 3 gas bills in my entire life so when i saw the small amounts I really just assumed i was using very little gas. Nope meter is bad.   They send me a bill for and ESTIMATED useage for three months... its like 600 fucking dollars.   I easily could have beaten someone to fucking death at that point, but it got much worse.     So one month goes by and SURPRISE I don't have 600 fucking dollars ( actually closer to 750 by that point)   So they send me a disconnect notice. I call I complain. I am calm and expecting a payment plan or something reasonable. NOPE.   Pay us 750 dollars or no more gas and electric.    Well I guess its time for me to start killing people.   Is that what they want?    They want me to pick out some random CEO or CFo or COO OR C WHAT THE FUCK EVER OFF OF THEIR WEBSITE AND SPEND HOURS ON THE INTERNET FINDING OUT WHERE HE LIVES SO I CAN CONTEMPLATE KILLING HIM!!!!  IS THAT WHAT THEY FUCKING WANT? CAUSE ILL DO IT, I DONT WANT TO ,BUT I WILL.   okay calm down.   I have his house now, he is probably not related to the issue that im having but it will still send a message right? Probably.    Maybe im being a bit extreme, i should start small.   Just kill his dog, that will say something with out saying too much, you know? OKay.   no lights now, no microwave, no oven. no heat.   Candles to read by fast food everynight. two months in the cave.  Its killing time. Thanks for all the genuine people replying to the thread. This is a serious issue, and you need to ask for help if you are not coping.

People who experience these feelings after taking drugs need to find someone to talk to.

People making fun of these feelings need to fuck off or pm me. When I was admitted to a inpatient treatment center for suicidal, crazy, or dangerous individuals.

My second time I went involuntarily. During my stay I went off my medication. It felt like my brain was going to burst with how terrible I am, suicidal thoughts every second, just irrational thoughts. During that 3 day span I was constantly getting anxiety and depression attacks.

I probably would have killed myself if I wasn't under great care by the staff. 

 I had the worst trip ever on "spice." I literally thought I had died and my friends were leading me into the afterlife. Never again... Person once threw a basketball at my face, so I ran them down and beat the shit out them. I was in middle school, so it was a stupid adolescent brawl, but it was seriously scary how angry I got in that instant. I don't like to think that I can become violent so readily. 

Btw I'm a tall, skinny, intellectual type. The outwardly discernible personality traits and inner on-the-brink-ness just don't add up. 

 Psychosis and drug withdrawal, in the mental hospital. I was considering whether these people were keeping me there to experiment on me, and if my psychiatrist was torturing me by giving me pills to make me sick and if I should beat him and hold him hostage. Do not do drugs, kids. Also try really hard not to have a genetic likelihood for mental illness  Didn't sleep for 72 hours, stayed awake by consuming copious amounts of caffeine. I know that some people with crazy sleeping disorders have this happen relatively often, but holy hell if I didn't feel like I should be the mayor of crazy town. Every other little thing either making me jump or laugh my ass off like a maniacal clown. (Come to think of it, not sure I've ever seen a clown actually laugh)
EDIT: Missed a Emotionally abusive relationship. I let myself be a doormat, and he had a way of making me feel like everything was always my fault -- every argument, any time he was in a bad mood, every time we were late for something. It was like he had me in a constant emotional choke hold. I got depressed and eventually very angry. My self-esteem was so low that I thought I needed him, that he was truly generous for loving me, blah blah blah. 

Then one day we had a heated argument, and I said I needed to leave the house to cool off. He proceeded to physically block me from every exit point in the house. I tried to get around him, running towards the front door and the back door and the garage door, but he had me blocked in. Then he started trying to chase me, to make me stop running. I was able to put a wall between us, but I could not get out of that house. Right then it suddenly dawned on me that this was the moment that deep down I'd known would happen one day -- that the abuse would escalate physically. I must have started having a panic attack or something, because I flipped the fuck out. I was scared out of my mind, of him and what he was capable of. In my terror, I picked up a knife and told him to let me leave, or else. 

That was me on the edge of insanity. Luckily I quickly found the good sense to put the knife down, but then he tackled me on the kitchen floor. I suppose I got lucky coming out with only a few bruised ribs. That was the day I knew that if I didn't walk away soon, it was going to end *really* badly. After 20  years in the military I almost reenlisted for 4 more. 2 years ago I got cabin fever from staying indoors for too long. My city is all housing so there is nothing to do. Anything fun you can do requires a car. I chased after local teens on their push bikes in my then car after they spat at me through my open window. With wheels screeching I charged across the car park I was in with no intentions of stopping until they were down. Nobody got hurt and they evaded me by cycling down a joining pathway. I don't know about "dangerously", but...

Nearer the start of this year, I had the house to myself for 2 weeks and had been enjoying it immensely for a few days up until this particular night... I woke up sometime around 1 or 2am and saw a cockroach on my fucking sheets. I freaked out and sprayed my room with bugspray like mad, and ended up sleeping in a different room.

A few days later, I've managed to get the confidence to sleep in my room again. The next morning, another roach above my head on the wall! Lost my shit again, got the bugspray, came back to spray it and it ran **straight** for me and ended up jumping on me. I ran outside and shook like a wet dog for the next 10 minutes.

That day I went out and bought some cockroach baits and put them throughout the house and I haven't seen one since... And I'm no longer even 100% sure I saw them to begin with. I didn't sleep in my room again until the people I share the house with returned, and that first night was *hell*. I don't think I caught a full hour of sleep. I wasn't sure I'd ever sleep properly again... In 2006. Bought 2 cases of xxl monsters and played WoW for 2 straight days drinking all 24 energy drinks. I think I got some temporary form of tourettes.I was completely disconnected from reality. I could not stop swearing and I have no idea why I actually got freaked out and started sweating and just could not stop cussing. Havent touched wow or energy drinks since and never had that problem again. Very weird. Birth control pills made me absolutely fucking crazy. I tried several different kinds, but they all had different unpleasant side effects - the one that didn't cause any physical discomfort which I really wanted to work made me flip my shit after about a month. The problem is when your crazy is hormonal, you don't immediately realise it. All the extreme ups and downs seem totally reasonable to you, and why is everyone against you and blah blah. Then suddenly you're calm again, and making mental lists of everyone you need to apologise to. I always feel like I'm going insane. I have so many feelings I keep locked up inside After having my second kid. It wasn't pretty.  I have bipolar disorder but wasn't properly diagnosed until halfway through university. By that point, I was going days without food or sleep, and my "off switch" kind of broke; I lost my shit one night because I was absolutely convinced that one of the city snowplow drivers was waiting to mow me down and kill me with his truck if I ever stepped out of my apartment again. I decided it would be a good idea to get the chef's knife out of the kitchen and keep it in my room so I could kill him first if he ever found his way inside. Then I used the knife to slice up my legs.

I have it well-controlled now and haven't had a swing anywhere near that serious in a few years now. It's very strange to look back on that time now that I am of (relatively) sound mind, and realize that I ACTUALLY BELIEVED the delusions I would have. O_o after not sleeping 2 weeks. took about 5 hits of daffy duck blotter and smoked an 8 ball of crystal with my gf. new years 1999. after a week we wondered if we were ever gonna come back. the jury is still out..... I was on a good bit of meds for my asthma when I was around 10. I hadn't slept for over 48 hours, and my mother took away my "Electronics Time". I tried to chew and scratch through my wrist, as I had read people killing themselves by slitting their wrists. 

Now, this could just be romanticizing the memory, but I'm damn sure that I had encouragement, because I remember it hurting a lot, bleeding a lot, and hating the iron/foil-ish taste, but continuing because "They said it would be better".

After sleeping for I think 14 hours straight, I woke up, put peroxide on the wound, and bandaging it up. Parents didn't find out until years later when they saw the scar, and asked about it, I said it was from playing with the dogs. One day I took about $40 worth of shrooms, and a few hours later I took about 3 droplets of some weird mix of acid and something else (guy called "liquid mescaline").

Took me about a week to stop tripping.

The conspiracies and beliefs that lingered from those days made me lose my best friend, my place, end up in jail, a hospital, and almost fail high school.

Now I'm fine, and still take shrooms and acid every once in a while. I have a place, a job, a girlfriend, and friends. Only a few people still judge me for what happened then, but fuck em. 4 days without sleep, something was wrong and i couldn't fall alseep no matter how hard I tried, (hint this was the issue).

Started haucinating, the ability to daydream was at it's greatest magnitude ever. noises and visuals you don't anticipate show up, some lame, some disturbing. A loud scream right in my ear was the worst, I couldn't drive, I was afraid I would wreck by scaring myself off the road with a visual, thinking I was going to hit something.

Also shadow people are scary as hell when they show up in the corners of your sight. o_O (black sillhouettes of people) Pretty much everytime I driver over a bridge I think, "What would happen if I just jerked the wheel? Just for a second or two? It would be so easy."  I think I was about 15 when I got meningitis. It must have been the fever messing with my head, but I remember lying in bed for what felt like days, barely able to move while drifting in and out of sleep. I felt like there was always someone to my left which was impossible as that side of my bed was up against a wall. At the height (low) of my eating disorder, was walking 30,000 steps every day. I injured my foot but kept going so that I could still eat but have a net calorie intake of 0 or below. Woke up at 5 in the morning every day to start, and went to sleep real early. Thought I was fat at 87 pounds and lifted my shirt to my mom to prove my obesity to her. She promptly started crying. 

Maybe not crazy in a totally wacked out way, but I certainly wasn't in the same reality as everyone else. 

Also: throwing up in plastic bags and hiding in my closet to get rid of later, throwing up in the shower, throwing up in public bathrooms, having a rage meltdown over being made to eat 20 calories of some flax oil thing, lying so well that I lost track of what was really going on. 

Protip: don't get an eating disorder. They suck and they don't go away. They ebb and flow and they eventually kill you.  Had a breakdown and started eating the cushioning inside of my bed after I tore it apart with a sword I made.  The time that I talked to god... twice in one week. As a man who never really believed in God, this was definitely a life changing experience, and also sort of insane TL;DR: I took too many shrooms, lost my body and floated through space for 6 straight hours.

I ate too many shrooms for my first time and tripped HARD for 6 hours straight. My vision was completely gone and instead replaced by space and planets, I couldn't see my body anymore and all I could hear from real life was the Bob Marley music playing in the background. So i was a head floating through space for 6 hours. I was convinced I would never find my way back home and would float through space for eternity. When my friend came into the room at around 5 hours in, he literally stepped through a crack in space and he was glowing. I was convinced he had come to save me and bring me back to Earth. The first thing i asked him was: "Have you seen my body?"
When the trip ended, I didn't leave my house for 2 days and just kept thinking about how lucky I was to be back. I was going through a depression and hit my head on the bathroom sink counter until I started bleeding. But that's not insanity. That's just depression. Im ok now though. I have a very loving family and friends and im actually having a pretty good school year. 3/4 of the way through an accelerated masters program while working full time. Instead of heading straight to work to get some extra hours in I decided to go home for a well needed shower and perhaps a quick nap (I'd been surviving on 3-4 hours of sleep a night for about 10 months). 

Exhausted, I opened my front door and heard what I thought was the shower running. Knowing that no one else was home my sleep deprived mind thought that someone had broken in and was taking a shower. That could happen, right? Anyway, I head down the stairs of our split level house and see steam and water all over the floor. All I could think was 'WTF is going on'. It didn't take long for me to peer into the closet and see our water heater shooting water out like some sort of drunken tin man. To add insult to injury it wasn't just spewing water out it was spewing hot water into the litter box. That's right! I was in hot shitty water up to my ankles.

After shutting the main water off I frantically called my husband (no answer) as well as my landlord. My landlord said they'd do what they could, but it would be at least a few hours until a plumber could get to me. By now I've quickly switched out of my dress pants and shoes into pink pajama bottoms and flip flops. Realizing that I am now a real adult (ie there's no one else here to take care of this mess), I begin the long process of slogging rugs etc outside through our garage. (Thankfully things slanted down towards the garage.) 

This is where I fully expected my neighbors to call the police or store away the sight for some good gossip later on...So here I am, mentally and physically exhausted, in desperate need of a shower, standing up to my ankles in shitty water, in a nice dress sweater, pink pajama pants, and flip flops, with my cat non-chalantly sitting at the top of the stairs judging me. I begin laughing because the whole thing is just ridiculous. All I wanted was a  quick shower and a nap and instead I got shitty water, no shower, no nap, and manual labor. I also had to stick my hands into that nasty water and drag the overflowing litter box away. *Sigh* every couple minutes my manical laughter turned into hysterical sobs as I flung soiled items into the driveway/yard. 

Had my husband not showed up an hour later I probably would've just wandered away because I just couldn't take any more. There was a lot of crying that day. Intense depersonalization because of depression that lasted for most of a year. I don't really remember it well (I think I've blocked it out) but it felt like I was behind this girl who looked like me but couldn't be me. Everything felt like it was drifting constantly. My parents were terrified, and I would just lie in the same spot for days at a time. I don't remember moving except for when someone took me out of the house, and when they did, all I could think about was killing myself and how awful I am, and it was so confusing.

To be honest, just talking about it makes me scared. I never want that to happen again. I don't know why it happened. Found out my wife had been cheating on me for years, that she was leaving me and that my son isn't my bio son. All in the same week. 

Closest I've come to insanity.  I've had a few anxiety attacks. For those who've had them, they're terrible and sometimes hard to figure out the cause or there just isn't really one. The best way to describe what it feels like for me is I feel a pit in my stomach like I forgot to do something of great importance or have failed greatly at something and have to tell someone I care about how i feel about it. Nothing seems like normal. I live in New York and had one on my commute on a crowded subway and bus ride home. I felt completely surrounded but very lonely, as if everyone else was solid, but I was a ghost that no one saw. My solution is basically to curl up in a ball in bed, and eventually my connection with reality returns. Tl;DR Anxiety attacks feel like you are watching an npc go about their meaningless lives, but it's you and you feel scared and alone.  Every time I leave school. Everyday I feel shittier and shittier. The mind numbing, monotonous, high school experience is driving me nuts. Dangerously insane? Probably the time two bitchy chicks talked back and sent me into a literal 'seeing red' bitchslap-ho-down. 

But other than that incident - apparently if you give me or my sister steroids for whatever reason, we have total meltdowns weeks later. I'd been given steroids to treat the shingles I came down with from work stress, and ended up just totally crying for an entire afternoon after visiting my doctor. My sister got steroid treatments for her unstoppable headaches, and a week later her family had to 5150 her for a few days. She was convinced everyone was out to get her, broke into her own home, ran away when the family tried to pick her up....Not good things.  I have a clinical phobia of sickness and death. It controls my everyday life. Especially the death one. It makes me think about crazy scenarios where everyone around me is going to die, how my loved ones could die gruesomely or that they will just be gone forever, especially my 3 month old daughter. I know at lot of people fear death but, for me I just can't let it go. 

It's so awful as I can't control it or get away from the thoughts I have about it. Sometimes I feel like I could really loose it and become hospitalised. Luckily I can bring myself back from that with the people who support me.  Smoking pot started as a good time, and watching south park in the basement with an old f r iend from high school. Then all of a sudden I start having panic attacks and hallucinating at his friends house. Like this sinking feeling that I've been assaulted or assaulted someone coz everyone is looking at me like I'm flipping my shit, when im just sitting there high as fuck. TL; DR pot made me a paranoid mess, maybe coz I can't stand not having clarity. Stopped taking Paxil or something cold turkey a long time ago. I paced the house for hours and almost had a meltdown trying to make macaroni and cheese. The macaroni stuck to the pot and I wanted to like.. burn the house down. I was prescribed adderall when I had a sinus problem. Pseudoephadrine and Adderall do not mix.

I spent the following 8 hours locked in a closet, looking at the wall spell out words for me. Thankfully a part of me knew the wall was full of shit and choose not to care. When you tend to lose very important things very frequently in a span of a couple years, months, weeks and days, insanity seems like a fair option. I became deathly ill one. I woke up in the middle of the night truly believing I was Jesus. I felt the pressure of the world press down upon my diseased shoulders. One day in my math class I asked my teacher how to do a problem. He does the problem for me and the ask if I get it. Of course I said no. He then says the exact same thing 5 times. I was ready to cry and punch him. It had been a long day and algebra 2 was the worst way to end the day.  I went on three day bender, was drunk for three nights in a row. And then tried giving up smoking for.four days. The anxiety, dehydration, insomnia really had me fearing for my sanity. Tonight is the first time I've felt back to normal in a week. mm... started hearing things. people screaming at me and such.  I love my brother. Let me start off with that. We're 22 months apart, and grew up in the country, with not a lot of people our age around, so we pretty much only had each other to play with all of the time. 

He's the only person I've met who knows exactly how to get under my skin to the point of snapping and he can do it in under 3 minutes (he timed himself for shits and giggles). We never fought physically, cuz we were both athletes and didn't wanna risk the injury. It was an unspoken agreement. 

I've been told I need to be tested for some mental illnesses, simply because I'm a little socially awkward and introverted and don't always know what's appropriate for what situations. But ever since this incident, I've been questioning getting tested. 

I had a bad day at school. Bullies, failed tests, teenage hormones, and my brother (my extroverted, never bullied, straight A student, can never do wrong in our parents eyes brother) decides it's a good day to tease his older sister. As usual, he's under my skin, and I'm starting to see red. I warn him, I tell him I had a bad day and it's not a good day for him to tease me. He continues, and it was small shit just the little things he knows bothers me. Eventually I convince him to leave my room. I always request that people shut the door when they leave, as I like my privacy. Brother ignores me, leaves the door open, taunting me as he left to just get up and shut it myself. I'm not sure why... But I snapped. Everything went red. I tore out of my room, grabbed my brother by the shoulders and threw him against the wall. We were both teenagers and he was just starting to get taller than me. But I threw him up against the wall and started wailing on him. Stomach and chest shots mostly. And he's too stunned to do anything except yell for me to stop. He pulls away and tries to run to his room. I'm trained in tai kwon do, so I grab his arm (his pitching arm) and do a submission hold, knee the back of his knees and get him face down on the floor. Knee in his back, pulling his arm up.... 

I didn't stop till he finally managed to turn his face and look at me. The pain in my baby brother eyes just destroyed me. I immediately let him go and curled up in a corner and just rocked back and forth. He ran to his room and I eventually got to mine. Skipped dinner, spiraled into a deep depression. The first time I questioned my sanity. How could I snap on my closest friend like that? What the hell is wrong with me that I'd wish physical pain and torment on my own family? Over a fucking door!? 

Long story short, he never told my parents. Eventually forgave me, and stopped purposefully getting under my skin. 

Tl;dr: attacked my brother  the time I took a pocketknife to school with the intent of cutting up my rapist until he either died or somebody pulled me off. Salvia on acid... The idea did not come to us while sober. I had no vision and felt like I was stuck within my mind

Either that or the time I had just got home heavily medicated from the hospital and proceeded to see bugs crawling over my body and the house I was in; Amongst other instances of the most vivid hallucinations I have ever seen. And this is coming from the person who smoked salvia on acid  I tried to beat my pals record for days with no sleep. He got 7, I got 5, almost 6. How the fuck did he do it. I had what was either a panic attack or a nervous breakdown and literally had to be slapped out of it. I'm surprised that I wasn't institutionalized right then and there. I'm not sure why this happened but one weekend a few years ago I listened to Sugar by System of a Down on repeat *nonstop*. It made me incredibly jittery and paranoid and I had trouble sleeping, and I couldn't ever say more than a few words at a time to even my closest friends. I realized what happened and stopped listening to it. Don't get me wrong, great band, great song, but I'll be damned if you're supposed to listen to a sanity slippage song on repeat until *it actually starts happening*. I had been awake for 4 days because of speed and other drugs. Suddenly I somehow made my sister mad at me (had something to do with drugs again) and she attacked me(she is taller and stronger than I am, and I am also not a healthy person anyways). I escaped and locked myself in a bathroom and tried to find anything sharp that I could use to hurt myself, or protect myself when she tried to break the door.

 
Little later I escaped to the stairway, walked two floors up, hide in the corner. Then I heard she came after me, stopped the elevator in every floor! She didn't see me.
I couldn't believe that actually happened. Little later the neighbours found me crying on the floor, asked if I needed help. I thought I was at the mental hospital when the older woman tried to calm me down. Her voice was so disgustingly calm and unnatural, and she also gave me woolen stockings! :D Well, got "help" and the police arrived. I told them everything, but none of us got in trouble, and I got my clothes and other stuff with me and left. 
Soon mom called me and told my sis yelled at her on the phone that she could kill me. Mom didn't know I used drugs. She was so scared for me, and shocked that my little sister could do or say something like that. 

well, I got back to my student dorm safely, still high and fucked up and hoped I would never wake up. But I did. 
We are in good terms with sis again, and talked a lot about those things that happened back then and not using drugs many days in a row! I go to school in the South, we have WBC like christians come to our school and tell use we are going to hell.  If you debate them, they have an answer for everything.  I was told suffering exists because God loves us, still working that one.  It made me wonder if I could get these people to renounce their God.  My thought was to take a gun and hold them hostage, threaten to kill them or their family, who they bring with them when they come.  A Banelike persona, the whole reckoning idea.  I hate people who stand on false moral pedestals, who feel they are better than the rest of us.  If they renounce their God in that setting, than they can never speak again saying they are truly faithful.

Tl;DR I wanted to go Bane on some Crazy WBC christians and force them to renounce god.  A couple years back I was alone in a non familiar area with my daughter when somebody broke into the house we were at. I protected us with a screw driver, because that's all I had. I went crazy. We were fine in that situation, but it like made things click that life can be really shitty and I was really sheltered. I was so ready to like kill anything if I had to, to protect myself. I was literally afraid of killing people, because I was so scared that somebody was going to try to harm me. I was in a really psychologically damaging relationship (this girl had caused someone to commit suicide before) and I remember that I was in such a bad condition that one night I was riding the bus home from a friend's house and I thought the guy across the bus from me was going to try to kill me when he got up to leave the bus, it wasn't scary because I thought he was going to kill me, it was scary because I was ready to kill him if he tried. Thankfully my stop was before his, but when I think back on the situation it's hard to believe that I had actually been that out of my mind. The people I talk to think I'm stupid and can be manipulated (like Wilfred does to  Ryan) but I'm too smart for them then they straight up attack me when I try to manipulate them and after 3 years of it I'm on the breaking edge of just keeping to myself and focus on school...  Last spring for some reason I could not sleep. Weeks went by where I would only get a couple hours of sleep a night or none at all. I was literally becoming crazy. I remember at one point I was looking at my computer, and for no reason what so ever I staryed crying histerically. I was also getting auditory hallucinations, which is really weird because you lose a sense of whats real and not real. I take amatryptalin now for sleep so im not crazy anymore. One time I chased a cat into the road and almost got hit by a car but there wasn't a cat and I have mild hallucinations every now and then.  Received IV Stemetil (Prochlorperazine) in the ER, ended up with [Akathisia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akathisia).  

Couldn't stop moving, silently raged inside my head (and only b/c I have a *lot* of self-control, or else it wouldn't have been silent) for a few hours until I got sleeping pills to counteract (well, basically just to put me to sleep until the Stemetil wore off).

I'm never taking Stemetil again.  Under any circumstances. Right at this moment. It gets worse day by day. I have this friend that's a very small girl for her age. She is fairly cute and we even had a short relationship together. Anyway we were both counselling for this camp and during that time we played Mission Imposable (a game in which we let kids run through the woods at midnight). Anyway we were chatting while walking outside of the game area and during so I had a thought out of nowhere; "you could knock her out and fuck her and have ample time to run away". The second after I thought that all I could think was "what the fuck did I just think" and felt really bad about it. The rest of the night went normal from there. TL;DR: thought about raping good friend.  Cookie Clicker I had this weird episode, almost not even worth comparing to some of the others here, but I was at school during a test and suddenly my vision narrows and I feel like the whole room is shaking violently. Not up and down shaking, but more of like on a ship but much faster. I was so dizzy I was forced to grab my desk, and I never told anyone about it.  Puberty Someone put mayonnaise on my cheeseburger.

I was so angry I was seeing red. And the fact that red wasn't ketchup just made the situation worse. Am I the only one who feels like at any point they can step over into insane?

I think my Freshman year I actually did. I came to college with no social skills, stayed in my room all the time, slept constantly, never took out the trash, ate all the time...I feel so bad for everyone around me back then. 

I recently got broken up with, I have to tell myself every second not to pick up the phone and call my ex crying about how much I still love him. 

Or maybe I actually am crazy, either way I've always really empathized with people that do stupid, insane shit.  Being a first year high school theatre teacher and producing a musical. Insane now. Moar than before.  My first job I worked 14-16 hours a week for four weeks on a computer program at "crunch" time. I fell asleep at my car one day and spun it, but fortunately did not damage the car or die. 

Anyway after four weeks of this I was so tired, stressed, and fried when one of computer operators started giving me shit I pulled out a pocket knife I had, opened the blade, and almost slit his throat as he had his back turned toward me. 

At that point I closed the blade and just walked out. As I was walking out one of the managers tried to stop and wanted to talk about something or other that was currently wrong. I just looked at him and said "F-U I quit!" 

Went home and slept for around 14 hours. Felt much better. Over the course of my life's 20 years, I have had 7 serious mental breakdowns. Each one degraded my sanity as a side effect to the process of "shattering my state of mind and redesigning it"; every time I had to destroy my mind to rebuild it, a few pieces were unavoidably lost. Now, I am able to coexist to an acceptable degree, but as a consequence I no longer consider myself capable of being deemed a 'sane' individual. 

The most dangerous part about being a madman is the fact that you're still 'intact' enough to know what makes you unstable - and smart enough to know how to hide it.  Once you accept the chance that you may be crazy, being crazy doesn't sound that bothersome afterwards.  After I got spinal fusion surgery I was in constant pain for 3 months. There was no relief just constant total body pain. It seems like nothing but it makes you go insane after a while. I'm pretty sure my boyfriend was scared of me for those 3 months because I'd just snap at him and ramble on about how I was in so much pain and there's no escape. Took some salvia and got stuck in a weird eternal time loop. As the trip onset, I felt like I was zooming out of this world in a way that I got some kind of meta perspective on reality. It's like when you are playing a video game and you understand the mechanics of the game and can control the player. But as the trip progressed it got a lot stranger. I began to see an array of countless events that have transpired since my trip onset. It's like that in the movie the Matrix, where the architect has those screens with all the possible Neos. I had this realization that there are infinitely many realities with limitless possibilities each one diverging at every instance. Then I had this feelings of nausea caused by the lack of meaning and coherence that the realization brought. I wanted to get out and return back to my reality and not stay in the higher dimensional loop thing. The more I resisted I began to feel persecuted and felt that something was after me. I was completely delusional at this point and believed that I had died in the trip and reached some other world with something restraining me. Luckily, the trip faded away in a few minutes and my ego was recovered. But it left me with dissociation and caused panic attacks frequently for a few months. On the bright side, it's been years since and the anxiety is mostly gone due in part to avoiding hallucinogens and grounding myself to the world using exercise,meditation,etc. Sold ecstasy that was actually speed.  Wasn't feeling anything, so doubled up.  Spent the next 24 hours tweaked out, wide awake, no food.  Thought people were following me, sending me messages, thought my backpack was bugged, heard voices, heard messages in music.  Scariest thing, so glad I came back from that.  Phew. this will get buried, but when i was 16, my (now ex) had been slitting her wrists for quite some time. gradually getting worse and pushing me to breaking point, one night i found her cutting under the tree in my front yard, so i walked out and something in me broke, i didn't cry, i didn't shout, i just walked up to her and asked for her blade. she handed it to me, covered in fresh blood. 

i looked at it for a second, then i just put it in my mouth. to this day i don't know why i did what i did. i felt every emotion i could imagine. love hate, pain, ecstasy, i felt alive and dead. i yelled at her. if she wanted it back she should hit me, punch me in the fucking mouth and i'll give it back. that was probably when i felt the most mentally unstable. 

she just sat there and cried. eventually i spat it out after much deliberation as to whether or not i should swallow it. she didn't stop though. thus the ex thing. When my first bf/love got his new gf. I never wanted to physically harm someone more in my life. It was honestly quite scary. Probably while regularly smoking [That legal stuff.](http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2009/5/7/1241727789254/Spice-Gold-a-legal-herbal-002.jpg)

I can't even find the brand on google that I used to smoke. It was actually just called smoke, came in a little tin. Drove me demented, I heard the voice of God tell me "I am, now, and forever will be with you. Always." I quit that instant. Haven't heard from him since. What a prick. Middle school. I was constantly made fun of for my acne, always called gay (which, y'know, is really offensive [although it was back then]), etc. 
Kids made fun of me because "I looked like a rapist" (What does that even mean??) I was also a quiet kid (yet another source of teasing), so I had a lot of time to think. I constantly made plans of killing/hurting those people. I wouldn't say I was ever very close to doing it, but even today I have difficulty forgiving those people, even though it was years ago. Tried a pot cookie once, haven't ever done any other illegal drugs in my life. Was a super strange feeling, not enjoyable at all. About 2 hours into it I had to piss really bad, so I went to the bathroom. Halfway through the piss I had the strangest feeling that I was asleep and about to piss myself. So I stopped it, couldn't quite figure out if I was asleep or awake. Anyways, two weeks later I went to take a piss and had the exact same feeling, minus pot cookies. It really got into my head that maybe I was still stoned and / or dreaming. I tried to logic my way out of it, and finally surmised that if I thought of new information or encounter a new face / knowledge that I wouldn't be able to do that in a dream. Still gets to me ever now and then. Took way too much acid, wasn't myself for for almost a month Spent a week in a state critical care mental hospital. Threatened to kill a nurse my first night there. SERIOUSLY considered just saying "fuckit, let's see how deep this shit gets". Spit out my meds. Incited a near riot. Dared a guy who threatened me over dinner to go for it. Popped as many scary suicidal one liners as a I could. 

They let me go home at the end of the week because I wasn't nuts. Or maybe I just faked being stable. 

A few months later I fucked a chick I met there who was on the run from her abusive boyfriend and drove her back to her husbands house.

No drugs or alcohol were involved at all.  Chantix. Complete existential meltdown. I'd rather die of lung cancer than go through that again.  After I had my appendectomy, I declined painkillers of any sort because I had some silly misconceptions. I was in really, really rough shape. I wasn't quite thinking clearly so I can't say for SURE, but I *think* at one point I went into the bathroom to try to find a way to just kill myself. Pain management is important, guys.  Occasionally, I will get this really strange feeling. I get light-headed and feel like I'm simply *watching* myself go about my life.  It feels like I'm in a dream, where I'm aware of what I'm doing and feel myself doing it, but I don't feel like I'm controlling it.  I get tunnel vision and I go into a sort of autopilot and my hearing gets a bit airy, like an extremely minor case of when you hold a seashell up to your ear.  It's made me panic like crazy, but after a few minutes, I always return to normal.  I don't think it's dehydration, I've felt that before and it's a lot different.  Anyone know what it may be?

tl;dr Occasional dizzy spells with tunnel vision, strange hearing, and a dream-like feeling. Always goes away after a couple of minutes. When I used to play WoW and my mom would constantly yell at me to "do other things". One day whilst raiding going on 15 hours nonstop, my mother got FURIOUS and she took the router away, but I kept pretending to play and she was baffled. Then she tried to shut off my computer, me being really pissed off, pushed her not very hard which drove her to tears. So I stopped playing a few months after that.    I lost my son when I was just shy of being 5 months pregnant. I lost touch with reality after I lost him. I would sit in a chair and rock a teddy bear I had gotten that was the same size he was at birth. I would sing to the bear and carry it with me all around the house. I would wrap the bear in a blanket and tell it how much I loved it. After a few weeks of this, I began noticing that it wasn't normal for a 28 year old woman to pretend a teddy bear was a baby. 

I started seeing a therapist which helped tremendously.  When I was young I couldn't see myself living past 30 until I became obsessed with the perfect death.I finally solved the problem;with the idea of having an indoor charcoal barbeque while smoking weed and drinking.Dying from carbon monoxide poisoning seemed at the time to be my salvation.I have not thought about this for 38 years,until today with this question. I was getting ready for my first job and I needed two sources of id and my social security card. I placed my social security card on a box (at the time we were moving) and when I cam back it was gone. I started looking but when it became clear I wouldn't find it I just started going berserk. I started throwing boxes everywhere, slamming doors and screaming. Eventually my neighbors called and three cop cars came to my place. Several times due to major depression, suicidal thoughts, paranoia, anxiety, and PTSD. Nearly two years ago was my most recent venture in insanity... I was struggling with severe depression, anxiety, paranoia, poorly coping with sexual trauma, familial estrangement, and a unstable thyroid disorder. I thought people were trying to kill me constantly. I literally could hear people in my home, even though, logically, I knew I was alone. I was so scared of everything and everyone. At one point, I thought my hair would hurt me, because of a nightmare/flashback concerning my abuser. My husband said he was really scared for me. After more therapy, switching thyroid medication, eating healthy, and consistent exercise, I felt much better and sane. But those six months or so was hell from the mental/physical problems and arguing with useless doctors.  Significant other told me he wanted to be a she. I was okay with the gender change, but when he told me that the person I had been with for years and had gotten engaged too was just a cover up, his idea of what "the perfect man" should be, and the total opposite of his true self, I lost it. To find out that your introverted, tough, teddy bear of a fiancée is actually a giddy, exuberant, loud Barbie Doll was shattering. I felt like I didn't know him anymore. I have anxiety issues, but that day I had the worst panic attack I've known. Couldnt breathe, couldn't stop shaking, felt disconnected and numb, had to claw at my chest and arms to remind myself I could feel things. It's been a few months, and I've come to terms with it, we're still together and I still love him/her. It's just feels like we've started dating all over again. Every time i pick up a sharp object or a tool, i wonder how i could kill someone with it... i really really want to try but always stop myself I nearly became a pedophile serial killer when I was a teenager.  i blackout when get very aggressive toward me, 

-once in middle school, i was strangling a guy that was punching me in the face, kids were laughing but the two professor who had to stop the fight weren't, seeing a kid holding another by the throat and holding him 20 cm off the ground with one hand was not something they see everyday, i have no memory of the event after the first punch beside that of an intense pleasure

-and another while working in a pub, was strangling an asshole who was assaulting my customers outside the pub by pressing his throat on a metal guardrail (he actualy hit me with a table wich induced the adrenaline rush) and still the lingering sentiment of intense pleasure during the act

I'm actualy very good natured and afraid of fighting I struggle with depression that comes and goes intermittently. I also ref a lot of minor hockey for money. I was on one of my worst days I've ever had when I did this game. I was having thoughts of suicide and broke down crying a couple times during the day. 

This game was between one of the indian reservation teams and another team from a town near where I lived. Reserve games always get wild. As everyone expected, a brawl broke out and I was in the middle of it trying to break up a particularly violent fight. The one player was on his back on the ice with no helmet, the other guy was gloves-off beating the shit out of this guy. I was in total fight-or-flight mode and decided that I needed to make things right. 

The usual procedure when a fight goes to the ground is to lay down on the top player in such a way as to disable both players until they calm down (very similar to a sprawl, for any wrestlers reading this). I said fuck that. I kneed the top guy in the side of his (helmetless) head. The player flinched and looked over at me just in time to catch the punch I was throwing at him directly in the nose. He started pouring blood. I then grabbed him by the shoulder pads and put him on his back, kneeling on his chest and screaming words I don't remember. I was soon pulled aside by the other linesman and he cooled me down. 

After the game I went and talked to the guy I had beat up. I apologized and we made things right. He agreed not to report it and the linesman was a good friend of mine so he didn't either. The brawl was a bench-clearer so nobody noticed or particularly cared about what I had done, so I got off easy.

I just felt insane, though. I didn't have any control over what I did, I just did it without thinking. It scares me to think that I'm capable of that because normally I'm not the type of person at all to hurt someone My senior year of college. I didn't know it at the time, but I have an autoimmune disease that, when it acts up, can cause some serious mental health issues. I had an episode and was pretty manic for a few weeks, resulting in cutting and very wild/crazy behavior. I took some shrooms during that period and came very close to jumping off the top of a building.  Was bullied by multiple people (who weren't even friends with each other.. completely different people) in middle school and one day I was hit in the head by dodgeballs when I was just walking around in the school gym during class. Different groups hit me.. I was literally going for the kill but after dragging 3 of my friends as I got closer to him and he and his friends (of of the groups) were backing away, I decided to calm down and just walk away Probably the last few months, I'm on edge of going bat shit crazy and I'm constantly arguing with myself in my head.  This is pretty mild and not technically insanity,  but here goes. 
My mom was cheating on my dad under the guise of going salsa dancing. The piece of shit she was seeing usually parked on another street on the block so we wouldn't see. I had his info written down on a paper that just sat in a drawer. Anyway, he started getting bolder and parking on our street,  and every time I saw his car I would feel disgusted and furious. My parents were fighting a lot, my kid brother was throwing fits,  and there was a lot of stress about legal and financial stuff. So I come home one night and the fucker is parked right outside the house. In the middle of the day, as if he belonged there. 
Naturally,  I decided to smash the windows of his car in. I grab something effective from the garage,  walk back out,  and last second I get this silly/curious feeling of "oh my god, this is actually happening". It kind of broke through the rage and I put whatever I was holding (don't remember what it was now -- shovel maybe?) down and went upstairs to look at the paper and check the license plate number. It wasn't his car, and I was about to smash it up.  I don't mean to be dramatic, but I feel like I do every day.
I'm so bored and it feels like I'm living life in this fog.
Don't get me wrong I can be happy , it just seems like I'm not as happy as other people or as often..
I don't know..
I've always been really even and level headed and logical so I always feel like Spock on the enterprise when I look at those around me and I feel like people don't get it.

Also I'm pretty sure I have some form of ADD as my brain can't focus it's always shifting and it gets to the point where some nights I can't sleep because I can't shut down my brain no matter what I try, I just wait until I kind of black out.

I think the worst part is I'm a talented actor and I can never tell if i really enjoy the "act" I put on so I don't burden people or if I really like the things I do.
I *think* I do, but I'm just do stuck in my own head over thinking everything. I took some acid. I freaked the fuck out over the course of a few days. Almost killed someones dog. Went to the hospital where i attempted suicide. it was a bad time all around. Im feircely anti acid now. Im lucky to be alive and sane. Smoked a lot of weed over a couple of years, thought I was Jesus. Nuff said Um, every day. However, I truly consider it *becoming* sane. It just *feels* like shit when civilization, in general, is not on the same page. Society is a facade. People gives tons of shits about BULLshit that doesn't matter. People take things so seriously! Ambition is overrated. Like, honestly - what is everyone trying to *get*?

**Edit:** Also, depression and intense "enlightenment," and floating through space but having to go to work. And alcohol and drugs and psychosis, etc.  I have been taking medication since I was 9. When I went to college my doctor and I decided that I should try a new combination due to the extra stress. 

Yeah, really should have tried that before I left home. 

My first night on them I left my dorm to get to the library. I remember sitting in the library. Then everything went to shit. 

I got increasingly paranoid. Tried to break into a building and then became convinced that a campus security officer was a dream demon sent to mislead me. I ended the night sobbing to my roommates.  I remember one time in high school feeling really lonely listening to my IPOD at lunch time and watching everyone around me go about their life happily in slow motion! I guess I got so carried away by the specific song I was listening to paired to my emotions of loneliness I actually saw people in slow motion moving around for about 5 seconds, till I snapped out of it and suddenly felt this urge to kill myself!

High school was a weird time for me! It seemed as if I was always on the extreme side of things, I was either feeling extremely happy or extremely depressed! Nice try NSA.  I won't be your next patsy. There was a time in my life where I lived and worked with people who openly disliked me. I was trapped and extremely stressed for months.

I started developing breathing problems. It was weird as fuck. I'd just be sitting on the couch watching tv and all of a sudden without any warning, I'd have trouble breathing and I'd gasp for air. That would pass after about 30 seconds. I thought I was developing asthma or something. It disappeared as soon as I moved and worked elsewhere.

My nose would spontaneously bleed. I have *never* had a bloody nose in my life before or since. The air was not especially dry nor humid. I'd just be walking somewhere and all of a sudden, I'd feel warmth from my nose. I thought it was mucus, but nope, it's blood.

I started drinking to escape the stress and my coworkers/roommate's hatred. I also started cutting myself, but I did it in ways where it looked like scratches from branches or something, so if somebody asked about them, I'd explain it away. I'd go swimming drunk in hopes I would drown. Yeah, that was one shitty summer where I almost lost it. Read up on existentialism, and I don't know how you couldn't nearly lose your mind. I took shrooms about two months ago and I'm still having an existential crisis. I don't know exactly how to explain it, but I was having feelings very similar to The Egg story. Every time my sister uninstalls WoW I get a little closer to binding her to a tree and letting her German Shepard eat her alive  Every time I am standing next to someone when the train is coming.

I wouldn't. But I could.... If I don't get enough sleep the night before I tend to fall asleep at work. I'm sitting down and facing my computer screen with my eyes closed. The worst part is I dream about doing the work only to wake up 10 minutes later to redo the work. This will occasionally happen after a big lunch as well.  Ever since GTA V came out... It gets worse and worse. No such thing as insane.  GOOGLY MOOGLY DOOGLY! MY MYSTIC NUCLEAR MOOSE IS NO LONGER STRATEGIC AND MY FAIRY NAPKIN ONLY BEARS THREE BLUE MOTHS! Dangerously insane, is that an official scientific term? I like the song from Borderlands 2-[Short Change Hero](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKNQawu-9Mw) To Zanarkand [The Best is Yet to Come](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3iWfXHwJTo)

*An cuimhin leat an gra, nuair a bhí tú sásta* [Hell March 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WqwFhX6Cqg) - C&amp;C Red Alert 2 [Song of Marbule \(Magical Dreamers\)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi4wQLTIqdg) - Chrono Cross.

[Prisoners of Fate](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fd7ggm04GFo) - Chrono Cross.

[Boss Battle 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfvPDO5YJmw) - Chrono Trigger.

[Chrono Trigger \(Chrono's Theme\)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDZ2W0GpP_E) - Chrono Trigger.

[Frog's Theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-YpIBF6QHI) - Chrono Trigger.

[Attack](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgPztJtarOA) - Final Fantasy X.

[Defiers of Fate](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31zgRdNkF2Y&amp;list=PLEDADB8237B089A74) - Final Fantasy XIII.

[Saber's Edge](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLbULEiuFgo) - Final Fantasy XIII.

[Fang's Theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdgF63xKTe0) - Final Fantasy XIII.

[The End Run](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCk4RiKH9H0&amp;list=RD02e2z28mutY1E) - Mass Effect 2.

[The Normandy Reborn](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXCM0lZxh4U&amp;list=RD02e2z28mutY1E) - Mass Effect 2.

[The Suicide Mission](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTsD2FjmLsw) - Mass Effect 2.

[A Future For the Krogan](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQ3BaMg60nc) - Mass Effect 3.

[An End Once and For All](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5JvbD2Zc9I) - Mass Effect 3.

[Bombardment 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVdUo8BoaV0) - Skies of Arcadia.

[Open Your Heart](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEzXFuYN89k) - Sonic Adventure.

[Live &amp; Learn](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9zZus_1_ag) - Sonic Adventure 2.

[What I'm Made Of](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuVAaU63K7k) - Sonic Heroes. [Portal - 'Still Alive'](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6ljFaKRTrI) Probably [Baba Yetu](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJiHDmyhE1A) from Civilization IV. So good it won a Grammy. Crysis 2's intro. It fit the game so well. The original Halo: Combat Evolved soundtract Kingdom Hearts- Simple and Clean
 "Setting Sail, Coming Home" from Bastion. It's such a beautiful song. Final Fantasy VI.  Especially the intro and Dancing Mad. Pretty much the whole thing though.   Venice Rooftops from Assassins Creed II. It makes everything you do feel epic.  [Ocarina of Time](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuCpatQNDbQ&amp;fmt=18) (let alone every other Zelda game) had music that shaped my childhood. The intro song alone is enough to get the memories coming back to the forefront. Great stuff. Any Kingdom of Hearts intro song. The best video game soundtrack I know is [Primal Dialga's theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D8FkBgKOK8) from Pokemon Mystery Dungeon 2 My favorite is [Auriel's Ascension](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7NqyQCSz-Y) from TES IV: Oblivion. The "Snake Eater" theme from Metal Gear Solid 3 [Cycling Road](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW-jWCTotqc) from Pokemon! "WE ARE THE LAAAZZYYY GENERATION!" Temple from the Super Smah Bros. Brawl soundtrack. Which is originally from the legend of Zelda. Hell, ANYTHING from the ssbb soundtrack is my favorite! [Hartmann's Youkai Girl.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4syvy2vjvQY) Rambi Rumble on DKC2. 

God dammit it is catchy [KOTOR 2 Jedi Enclave theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__gLIyeQYDU). that surf rock song from red dead redemption: undead nightmare. totally fit the whole b movie vibe of that add on. and it was just all around kick-ass.  [Battlefield 2142 - Verdun Theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYDlokGpdt8)

It gets you pumped up for that gunship ride that's just after the loading screen. This is a theme song but I like it: GTA Liberty City Stories- Dark March
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EcEcXPQZM4
 Ratchet and Clank Future: Tools of Destruction, [Ardolis Pirate Base](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg7b6yJqsho) music.  opening theme for [Full Throttle](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=Dih7toPsows#t=112) Promise reprise - Silent hill 2  The main theme from Mirror's Edge. [(Still Alive by Lisa Miskovsky)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TERyxFfMqDk)

I think it's a beautiful song. It also fits the storyline. Bioshock Infinite's cover of The Beach Boys' God Only Knows. Disgustingly appropriate and cathartic. *This was a triumph.* For me it's the entire halo 3 soundtrack  [Riders on the Storm with Snoop](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t19zEdI7l7E) and it might just be my favorite forever. UC3 Menu theme. Inspired the orchestration to my latest project's title as well. Gears of War- Mad World by Gary Jules
 [Supporting Me... (For Biolizard)](http://youtu.be/zah19RJJ2EQ) in Sonic Adventure 2.  So many to choose from.

Top 3 would be: [Under Heaven Destruction - BlazBlue](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lf0Q3RmyFaw)

[Esaka Continues - King of Fighters XIII](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACW36lBGvsY)

[Ul'Dah City Theme (Night) - FFXIV: A Realm Reborn](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfEyhHnQhg4) Super Mario Bros. overworld theme.  [Definitely the main menu theme from Deus Ex: Human Revolution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpTcZJJ-lm0)

It sets the dark, cyberpunk mood of the whole game. Not to mention it's great to relax to.

 [Dragonborn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVVXNDv8rY0) from TES V: Skyrim is a very close second. Not my favourite, but "Gun Fight" in Skate 3 is a fun song.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4w8sgVy4Ag ["My Village is Number One!"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlY88rlNnEE) from the first village in Xenogears.  One of the first songs I learned all the way through with I was first learning to play bass. Quick! How do you know you're doing the last mission in an Ace Combat game? Because the soundtrack informs you that shit is about to go down with a choir backing. [4's Megalith Agnus Dei](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZBoiW460nU), [5's The Unsung War](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Qkzj5bStU), [6s Chandelier](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ej7k1DMIAE), [Zero's.. Zero](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGjwXI0n5-I).

Except for Assault Horizon. Because fuck Assault Horizon. [Arnhem Knights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLiRgNFvfGw) or anything from Medal of Honor:Frontline. To me the entire soundtrack is beautiful.  If it hasn't been said:: Dearly Beloved, from Kingdom Hearts... Really that whole soundtrack is brilliant. Any song from V-Rock. Hearing any of those songs on the radio makes me instantly think of Vice City  In Amber Clad - Halo 2

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNhfuhiveUM

 My favourite are the themes from Empire Earth and Ground Control 2

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=347qmxgydkE

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hVpbFCNuo90 Metal Gear Saga -  MGS4 *"rollin' around at the speed of sound..."*
 Still Alive- Portal.  Chrono Trigger, whenever you're in a forest in 1000 AD.  Don't know the name of it, but it's very relaxing and harmonically satisfying. [Scars of time -  Chrono Cross](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZe4tzilkh8)

[
Monkey Island Theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULvGZREDSp4) I loved the song from mega man 2 at the end. The one where you face the dragon thing of dr. Wily.  Comix Zone: Level 1-1

DOIN IT OLD SCHOOL [Vigil](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w097Q0fZE-A) from Mass Effect.

I listened to it on a quiet day and nearly cried for the unborn Krogan. Borderlands opening intro - [No Heaven](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwPyNOhXFd0) by Champion. [New York Memories](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT2kpyDXK_8) from Crysis 3. Specifically the first half of the song. He's hackin, wackin and smackin HEEYYYYYYYY Insert any FF7/Chrono Trigger song here. I liked the main song for Shadow of the Hedgehog, I have no idea what it's called though. [halo 2's theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2O9K7E3lDRU) was so badass feeling. Uncharted 3 has a fantastic theme song!  Terra's Theme- Final Fantasy VI. The entire tony hawk pro skater sound track Sonic 3 - Hydrocity Act 2
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPYzgCI6Q1I Superman by Goldfinger... Tony Hawks pro skater the other promise and dearly beloved

both from kingdom hearts Metal Gear Solid Theme - Any Metal Gear game

GTA IV theme as well The Castle from FFVIII is amazing. When the organ hits I feel reborn. on top of the world - fifa 13! Just about all of MGS's soundtrack. Shadow of The colossus Wanderer on the offensive it gives me shivers every time i listen to it. Steel Empire, Sega Genesis, Stage 5-1:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAJsNFVTn8E

Close second:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnGpup3VDV8

(remix of Bach's little fugue in g minor at the end of Mega Man Legends) "Ungravity" from some Sonic the Hedgehog game. I kept playing event though my brother beat the pants off me to listen to it.  The main menu theme from [Enslaved: Odyssey to the West](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfotWggYJdw). Beautifully mellow. *The Lighthouse* from *Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory*. Miller ball breakers from jet set radio for dream cast. It's just oh so funky! Forest Law's stage from Tekken 3. I don't know if this counts, but the music from Grizzly Hills in World of Warcraft is my favorite.  I never flew in that area because I wanted to keep hearing this music.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNfH8OT7xW4 Bastion's [Spike in a Rail](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQWAcgefsQQ). Future: FF13X-2 soundtrack

Besdaid: FFX soundtrack

Totems of the Grizzlemaw: WOW:Frozen Throne Soundtrack Tom the Diver(Orchestra version) - Petri Alanko
"Alan Wake" I'd probably say anything from Spyro: Year of the Dragon "Welcome to Rapture"--Bioshock http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEFIZh_Zscc

"For River"--To the Moon http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7T_hV3uyB74

"Sky Tower Theme"--Pokemon Mystery Dungeon http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKMWMS7O50g
 "Riders on the Storm". Need for Speed: Underground 2 Baba Yetu from Civ IV

Also [Shaping of the World](http://youtube.com/watch?v=NhrxGCMzRL0from) the WoW soundtrack, it reeks of epicness "Superman" - Tony Hawk's Pro Skater Surprised no one's mentioned [The Opening Suite](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1POCeJ7yJY) from Halo.  I remember the first time I started it up.  It was... SO. COOL.



Sigh, nostalgia now. Boss battle music from Final Fantasy 7. Hymn of The Fayth - Final Fantasy X. I loved that entire soundtrack. Dr. Mario Fever Theme Either the Easter egg song from Nazi Zombies Der Riese, or Live and Learn from Sonic Adventure 2. [Unbroken Road](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQHDmj3s2HI) - Skyrim Phendrana Drifts or Torvus Bog from Metroid Prime 1 &amp; 2 Donkey Kong Country: Bramble Blast.  [Katamari Damacy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekOqgknkVN4) [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7HWK5D1qyM) adrenaline-pumping breakdown from a Call of Duty 4 bonus mission. [Watchman's Ease](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=65ZDSZKF2Jg&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D65ZDSZKF2Jg)	 - The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion Sky Chase Zone from Sonic the Hedgehog 2. The Kingdom Hearts piano menu music. Just hearing it brings back so many good memories. The intros are also awesome and nostalgia-inducing. Honor for all from Dishonored. All of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1. Such a solid soundtrack. Plus you know you remember that menu song. 

Edit: [that menu song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgFbs0BHVV8). Probably eight melodies from earthbound. I didn't get the chance to play it as a kid, but whenever I hear [that song]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7S0aQEfUX4&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ), it makes me feel like I'm warm and cozy during a cold fall day, and nothing matters... I just feel like I'm a kid again. There are so many songs from so many soundtracks, it's impossible for me to choose a favorite. So, I'll just go to the first one I can think of.

[Age of Conan: Ere the World Crumbles.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL6b16B8pC4&amp;feature=share&amp;list=SPC4232455A3D49E58) The whole soundtrack is very good. Avak's Battle from Bionicle Heroes for PC.
yeah, I was that kid. On days where I wear makeup and dress in more flattering clothes my boss is a lot nicer and more lenient when I make mistakes. On days I obviously don't care if I mess up I get chewed out. 

So I guess making mistakes? If you look pretty people are less likely to yell at you or get annoyed.  I loved Dustin Hoffman's take on this issue.

http://www.themarysue.com/dustin-hoffman-tootsie/ Cosplaying

Ugly woman with good costume: Holy crap why does that nerd even bother?

Big ass titties with shitty paper bag costume: front page of r/cosplay What I'm getting from this thread is:
 
 
"If you're not attractive, you're not allowed to do anything" Being completely fucking brainless. I personally don't find it attractive, but many men will ignore how dumb a girl is because of her physical features.  Eating a lot. Guys think it's cute when they see me eat a ton of food for some reason (I'm pretty thin), but I often hear comments about how bigger girls shouldn't be eating this or that/so much/all that food. Just horribly judgmental crap.  I see no way in which this conversation could possibly end up becoming offensive. Being lousy at sex. In my experience attractive girls can get away with being bitchy, for example, one of my 'best' friends can be an uber super bitch, she can be really rude to men whilst rocking the bitchy resting face. Yet, because she is blonde haired blue eyed and big titted men seem to enjoy being told to 'fuck off' by her. If an unattractive girl said half the mean things that my friend says they'd probably get a punch in the lady garden.  Talking about bodily functions. 

If an attractive girl starts talking about how sweaty she gets during a run or sex, guys are all ears. As soon as a less attractive girl speaks up about boobsweat, it's disgusting.  yoga pants
 Calling other people ugly. If you are unattractive yourself, I expect a level of empathy in your part.  If a pretty girl is flirtatious, it's welcomed. If an unattractive girl is flirtatious, it's creepy. I think general attractiveness allows you to get away with most things.  On days I am meeting clients I will dress up, do my hair, put on makeup and the world is my platter.  Guys holding doors, going out of their way to help with things and generally being most considerate and polite.  Most days I rock jeans and a black tee.  I still get some looks and most people are nice, but I definitely can get away with a ton more shit all dolled up. 

Just think of the last time someone cut you off in traffic, if you pulled up and she was smoking hot would you be less inclined to bitch her out? OF course you would, because there is that .0001% chance that she would bang you.  Same theory.  

TL:DR  Attractive girls get away with things because men don't want to risk the small possibility that they will get some.  &gt; the objective 1-10 scale.

LOL Being "touchy-feely" All women are equally beautiful. *Tips fedora and vanishes* Wearing revealing clothing. Expect free drinks at a bar. Hey Reddit, let's talk about all the things we hate about fat/ugly women.  
Ready, go. &gt;the objective 1-10 scale

The what? Eating fast food.

If you are skinny and order a Big Mac no one bats an eye, overweight and order a single burger and everyone loses their minds.  Man, ya'll some shallow bitches.          
and young!             
I'd never put up with half the shit you guys claim is OK for an attractive woman.  Seriously, once you pass mid 20s your tolerance for bullshit drops like a rock. Dropping it low and backing it up.

Attractive Girl: Damn!

Not Attractive: No, No, No, No, NOOOO (Cleveland voice) http://i.imgur.com/uh5A6.gif Playing dumb or helpless.

If an attractive girl does it, she's being all cute and probably wants some guy to help her. If an unattractive girl does it, she's just a dumb bitch that probably wants attention. What I'm getting from this thread is that if you're an attractive female that you're allowed to be the most irritating, stupid person imaginable but if you're an unattractive female then you're basically subhuman. But hey, that's Reddit for ya. I think a better formulation of this question is "Men of reddit, what unpleasant behaviors are you willing to accept in a female if she is more attractive to you?" I'm seeing a lot of "being obnoxious/loud/obsessive/clingy" as an answer (and the offensive cousin to these statements: "being a bitch"), but really, that shouldn't be acceptable ever, should it? Coming to class in sweats, a white tee, and hair tied in a messy bun.  Showing butt crack. Suggestively sucking on a lollipop.  A 5/10 weighing in. I am average in most aspects, decently pretty face, nice hair, slightly pudgy but nicely proportioned. The treatment I find I get most often is to be overlooked. I get away with plenty of things uglier girls do not, but it tends to involve men who are equivalently middle of the road in attractiveness. Not wearing a bra...  Being a terrible human being Pretty much anything, if you're ugly or fat and a female, you're guna have a bad time. It's like your stripped of your entitlements because you don't look how other people would prefere you too.  Absolutely anything and everything. Source: I went from an objective "2.5" to what some would refer to as a "10" in a matter of years. I ran into my biggest middle school crush the other night, and I actually said "I literally stalked you in middle school." He said that it was the hottest thing he had ever heard. I know for a fact that he called me fat and creepy back then. 

**tl;dr: stalking is totally acceptable if you're attractive.**
  Licking your lips suggestively. Soliciting money, favors, sex, or really anything else.  Yawning with your mouth open I'm a girl. I'm going to do what I typically do and flip this shit on its head. Secure men can get away with being a little flabby, a bit short, and all-around less attractive. They'll still get the coolest and most attractive girls. We know who they are right away, because they are always amicable and don't sweat the small stuff. Insecure men (i.e. men who take issue with and nitpick every little thing about women, attractive or not, typically as a means to uplift their own egos) put off immediate red flags to the women they are most attracted to. These women will expect more in terms of charm, looks, money, and status from insecure men. We annoy the shit out of these men on purpose. Because they are going to nitpick us anyway, so we might as well milk it for what its worth.  Asking a guy out. 
If a pretty girl asks a guy out, it's cute and brave.
If an ugly girl asks a guy out, "Nah bitch!"

Edit:
Okay, seriously guys. No man would really say, "Nah bitch". I'm sure most guys would be polite and respectfully decline if they weren't interested. But that very likely might be what they feel.  Being stupid; unfunny. Coming on too strong. If you're attractive, most guys will love you all the more for coming on too strong and making the first move and all of that jazz, while if you are unattractive you will be labeled as creepy and shunned.

Also, being full of one's self. An attractive girl can have an ego all she wants, can act like she's hot shit and (most guys at least) won't have a huge issue with it, because she's hot, but if you're an unattractive girl people just think that you're lost in your own world and that you need to calm the fuck down. I would feel, that with both sexes, the nerdy gamer recluse shy socially retarded thing is only acceptable when you are good looking. Otherwise you are a creep who is a lonely virgin and is destined to shoot up a school. Wearing a bikini ITT: People act shocked/indignant because individuals who are considered attractive are on average treated better than unattractive people.  I don't really have any use for skinny, attractive girls. I find that females with lots of excess skin make the best suits. As long as they keep the lotion on their skin, I'm good to go.

[Here's me in a skin suit.](http://i.imgur.com/ZcCkCPN.jpg)
  Saying vapid and stupid shit without stopping and presuming that what you are saying is important. Stalking.

This is heavily related to the crazy scale. Having one arm that's longer than the other. In attractive girls, it's totally cool cause it's like, "aight, I feel you. Uneven arms. Whatever. I dig it." But with unattractive girls, it's just like, "wtf. Get your shorter arm lengthened or your longer arm shortened." And the most unacceptable thing is that it's such a simple fix! Just take the excess from the longer arm and put into the shorter one! Duh. Ass to mouth  Its more acceptable for attractive girls to flirt with strangers,I think.  Wearing yoga pants.
 Pretty much everything when it comes to men. We will let most things slide if a woman is sufficiently attractive.  Flashing cleavage  Wearing yoga pants Bending over to look hot. I get a lot of these, but I personally think overly attractive women getting away with doing stupid shit is the most annoying thing. To all the "Ashleys" and "Brittanys" out there who play dumb and do whatever they want make me want to kill them, or myself. Nothing is more unattractive. crying drunk outside of a party nudity I've been chubby and unattractive and I've been slim and very attractive. The biggest differences that I've noticed are that both sexes pay more attention to me when I'm conventionally attractive. People don't talk over me when I speak, they listen to what I have to say, and they respond more thoughtfully in conversation. I'm more likely to get the things I want from other people when I'm pretty. People invite me to more and better social events and are more likely to buy things for me or offer things to me when I am attractive. It is more socially acceptable for me to express myself when I look good than when I don't; I don't get the "who does this chick think she is?" look from friends or strangers.

The only exceptions I have found are these: I am considered funnier and it seems more acceptable for me to be angry when I am heavier, but only if I am not also unattractive. Also, I can be invisible in a crowd more easily when I am unattractive. Well, when I was younger (late childhood - early teenage years), I was very awkward, slightly chubby, and had a very plain face. I couldn't really afford to dress fancy because I came from a somewhat poorer family. 

I was treated like shit by pretty much everyone. Whenever I would try to include myself in the conversations or activities of my peers, I'd be ridiculed, insulted, or downright shunned. If a guy heard that I found him attractive, he'd react with complete disgust and usually join in on the ridicule. On the occasions where I was able to afford a really nice haircut, or a cool new piece of clothing, I was usually laughed at, because I was trying to be a "pretty girl" and it just looked stupid.

Now I'm in my twenties, and I look nothing like I used to. (Read: I've grown into my looks; I am a size zero; I can now afford to dress the way I want). The way I am treated by the general public now is VASTLY different than before; I DO get away with things that I never could previously. So to answer your question... pretty much everything.  You can't wank over a personality  Regarding myself, none. 

I once got an unknown chick kicked out of a club for grabbing my ass. 

The security guys acted a little confussed when i complained (dude, she's drunk and horny, you got lucky yada yada) but then i asked if them if they would have kicked me out for grabbing her ass instead (so, if i grab any girl's ass on this club, she got lucky?). Then the manager came and i explained the whole thing and he got her thrown out and invited me a beer. 

It doesn't matter if it is a hot chick, or an ugly one, a straight guy, a gay or anyone. Nobody grabs my ass without my consent and i don't grab anyones anything without mutual consent.

Not about looks, but about respect. Being attractive. I just can't stand unattractive girls who are attractive, but attractive girls can be attractive all they like. Eating a lot/ eating junk food. It's cool when a hot, skinny chick does it, but gross if the girl is fat/unattractive Being scantily clad. Wearing bikinis. Deciding to not put on make-up today. Postponing a visit to the hair-dresser. Cutting your hair short. Wear shorts. Hit on guys by becoming over-attached to them (following around and stuff). Not being at least a functionally smart. Wearing clothes that are too small. 

If you're skinny, athletic or you've got curves, great!

If you're Jabba's sister or a sentient beach ball...not great. 

 By far; thin girl walks into a 7am class wearing sweat pants (not yoga) and a slightly loose tshirt. No makeup and hair thrown into a messy bun.

Bigger girl does that? *What do you mean you won't wake up at 5am to shower/dress up for a 2 hour class even though you went to sleep at 2am, trying to do homework!*

I just say fuck it. Why spend my life making myself miserable and live to make complete and utter strangers happy? I don't give a shit if some guy I'll never see again isn't sport a boner. I dislike makeup and I'm not willing to fry my hair (I naturally have fluffy poofy hair) to make it organized. I dress to make **myself** happy because at the end of the day, that's what matters. Not, *did I make that complete and utter stranger happy for those 10 seconds while I had to run to the bathroom 50 times to check my makeup and hair?* It just so happens that it means sweatpants, large shirt, and hair thrown in a ponytail.

There are days I wish I was a naturally vapid dolt that only cares about what others think about their outer appearance. But I value the little bit of sleep I already do get.   This thread mad me realize, I don't treat hot girls that special, my self absorbition makes me oddly eglitarian. 

The only thing is dressing revealing. I don't wear tight cut shirts, or ever jog with my shirt off. It's a rule guys and gals can share.  What exactly was your aim when you created this incredibly vacuous thread idea? 
 Smoking. Makes attractive girls more sexy. Makes unnatractive girls gross and unhealthy looking Attractive girls can say anything they want. 

Unattractive girls can say anything they want too, but with humor.

These aren't rules that I have made up right now, these are just some things I have noticed from Television and the Internet. Sexual Assault is generally considered acceptable by attractive people. ITT: People being ridiculed for giving their opinions. Bad blowjob You can do whatever he fuck you want if you do it with enough confidence.  Everything.

Nothing.

Sorry. Having cameltoes. "Beautiful" girls aren't allowed to ever try and act like they're ugly for people to flood them with compliments and vice versa; "Ugly" girls should never try and improve their looks in a fishing for compliments way act like a diva ,  unless you have "je ne sais quoi" good luck with that Un-funny jokes. Everyone laughs at what the pretty girls say  ITT: People getting mad that other people had the gall to answer the question. Anything and everything. Watch a hot girl do something, and then ask yourself if you would feel scorn if you saw an ugly/fat girl do the same thing. Reading and Internetting are the only things I can think of.  Be actually crazy, I'll put up with crazy in the short term to put my dick in it if its hot, but if she's ugly and crazy well then I just feel bad. Charging high if you're a stripper Short skirt Farting Rule 1: Don't be a woman. Spandex. Acting cute. Just don't!  Existing.

No seriously, literally EVERYTHING you do is solely judges by how good looking you are. leggings on fat girls "Ugly" sister here. My "prettier"  sister got away with A LOT when it came to guys, even when she was a cunt. I'm not saying this out of any kind of jealousy, either. She could be the biggest cunt about everything and they'd put up with her. 

The whole "ugly girl = subhuman" thing can be true, some guys who were nice to her wouldn't even look me in the eye.   Whoa,  just like that this thread makes me feel like im in high school again. Why does everyone use the decimal objective scale? I prefer the the binary BAC scale. 

1 is yes and 0 is no followed by the blood alcohol content required for you to make a move on them (can range from 0.00 to the LD50 for your weight). Twerking. Being dumb. talking Having a weird laugh. I work with a girl at work that has a laugh that sounds like she is gasping for air and if she wasn't attractive I know that people would hate her. Sitting on my desk in class Assuming the guy will pay for dinner. Trying to act like a cute 6 year-old. Being loud. 
If an unattractive girl goes around yelling or doing generally nauseating things, everyone hates her. If an attractive girl does it, only a small small portion (of guys) will hate her. You can't be a fat bitch. If you're obese, be jolly. I think attractive girls get away with having their hair dry naturally more than ugly girls. When an attractive girl lets her hair dry naturally, it usually looks effortlessly beautiful. Ugly girls just look like they don't take care of themselves.
This is why I almost never go outside without blowdrying my hair. If my hair dries naturally, I will rewash and style it before leaving the house. Breathing breathing. Not actually a behavior but a tooth gap is really cute on beautiful girls. but not on a dirty old rack Being clingy/needy or "annoying" is more tolerated in attractive girls, I think. "Attractive" is wildly subjective, and as far as "acceptable" goes, there may be things that pretty girls get away with more often than those considered unattractive, but I can't think of many things where a person of moderate intelligence would say, "Well, she's pretty, so I'll give her a pass."

The only thing that comes to mind with this division would be entitled pretty girls who think the world owes them something just for existing. I'm talking about the ones who go to a bar without money, and then get pissed when strangers won't buy them shit. You couldn't appear more ugly to me if you rock that attitude. Being lazy and laying around on the couch all day is sexy if you're a fit attractive girl, but not okay if you're fat. Like it's okay for Jennifer Lawrence. Not okay for Honey Boo Boos mom.  Rule 1.  Be attractive.

Rule 2.  Don't be unattractive.

Rule 3.  Don't be not attractive. Leggings. I know some people are against leggings no matter who wears them, but I happen to think they're very comfortable (as long as they're not see-through), but whenever I see a larger girl wear them, it's just....*shudder* Being a bitch. Im not saying its acceptable for pretty girls to be a royal cunt. But if you know, that you are not attractive, be nice to people. TIL at least half the things I do on a daily basis are "unacceptable."

Oh, reddit. ITT: /r/shitredditsays jizzes in its pants

EDIT: [Visual representation](http://i.imgur.com/NpnFPQo.gif) I hate the 1-10 scale. Not because I'm against objectifying women or anything like that, but simply because people are far too generous with it. A 5 should be average, standard, still plenty bangable, but people act like 5's are fuck ugly. And then they go and talk about how "Every girl at that party was at least a 9, if not a 10". Tens, for all intents and purposes, don't exist. A ten is someone who physically can not be improved in any way, shape, or form; they are 100% perfect. They're the stuff of legends. Wars were fought over 10s. Helen of Troy was a 10. Cleopatra was a 10. That girl you took home from the bar last night was a 6 or 7, tops. Kate Upton, Sofia Vergara, Bar Rafaeli, and the like are  8s. 9s are once in a lifetime. 10s are once in a millennium. 

Edit: removed a typo Society's acceptance of behaviour should not be based on the individual's appearance. This is nonsense that causes far too many girls to have confidence issues even when they are actually better than the vapid, vacuous "hot" girls that get away with being repugnant morons.

With that being said, certain behaviour can be more attractive when an attractive girl does it. However, what constitutes "attractive" can vary greatly from person to person.



 This thread is fucking retarded.  Spandex should be a privilege.
 This is a terrible thread, and I feel dismayed that it's gained 412 upvotes. Looking at you upvoters. Looking, and judging.  ITT: the word vapid yoga pants Short shorts and thongs. I'm talking to you, fatties. Speaking Wearing over sized clothes and leggings. If attractive girls do it they pull off the comfy and cute look if the unattractive do it they are viewed as slobs!  Lip bitting. Sorry ugly girl you're not sexy. You look like a starving dog eating meat  Wearing vast amounts of makeup. Can't polish a turd.

Edit: Apparently you can however roll it in glitter. What the fuck is wrong with you people? HOW is this actually a question? I fucking give up. refusing to talk to me. Being a bitch, apparently. Reading Cosmopolitan 

Oh wait, whoops. That's never okay. Sitting on a man's face. Well that's more about unacceptable for fat ones. Being confident  As a guy... You just accept and put up with more shit the hotter they get. It's probably morally wrong and I'm being shallow when I do it. But I do, and that's just how this shit works.  Remember how there was a thread about what things were [acceptable for attractive people, but unacceptable for unattractive people](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1lc1dk/what_is_something_that_is_socially_acceptable_for/)?

Remember how everyone got their vaginas sandy because of those catty, vapid, shallow comments regarding dudes like they are complaining about the bro-type, vapid, shallow comments here regarding girls? 

No, wait, that didn't happen. Of course, the only ones who should be free of judgement are women... [Relevant](http://youtu.be/K5rMSBgJr_I?t=40s) KT Tatara standup bit
 Existing.

Just kidding that's mean...

Honestly all the things that annoy me about people, annoy me regardless of how the person looks. And unattractive personality traits make otherwise attractive people look ugly to me. Especially can't stand  blatant insecurity.  Buying things "Just to be nice" Everything

Source: Mousy looking woman Post on r/gonewild Acting attractive.

Serious note: id think to some measure of intelligence. I can agree when Daniel tosh said something along the lines of "the uglier you are the harder youre gonna have to work/ more books to read."  None.  On the contrary, I've noticed if a less attractive girl says something positive about herself "he's lucky to have me because I'm hot" it is much more appreciated than if a very attractive girl says it; it seems like she's being conceited while the unattractive girl is just a liar. Have a shit personality.  There is a tipping point: I worked with a girl who years back when she started was attractive, years later only the much older men found her attractive (I'm just saying she got older, not fatter).

She was had to stop saying things that were mildly stupid in front of the younger staff as they wouldn't tolerate it any more (guys and girls alike). The older guys still lapped it up.

 Smiling. Wow. Acting helpless. Wearing trampy clothing and grinding on random men in a bar. ITT: everyone surprisingly has a different viewpoint.  Stupid facebook status updates. Being a willing idiot completely numb to the world around them. Hot girl does it "Oh she's just a little bit spacy" Ugly girl does it "Ew she's a fucking schizophrenic or something". When an attractive girl is crazy men love her crazy and would gladly stick it in that crazy, but when a fat girl is crazy she is just crazy and most would just gladly stick it in a home to pasture. Clothing choice is the only real thing I have a problem with, there are some outfits that look great on attractive girls but I definitely don't want to see overweight girls wearing them.  TWERKING Wearing weird or different styles of clothes. Attractive people could take a 50 year old blouse and and still look good and start a trend, unattractive people couldn't The thing I hate the most is that attractive women can get away with being absolute bitches. People are inclined to assume that prettier people are intrinsically good, so we just seem to think that, despite saying/doing some of the most awful things, pretty people are more trustworthy/kinder etc. Fuckin halo effect ITT: People bitching about the question when they should have expected the answers that are here, also confusing fat girls with unattractive girls. It's unacceptable for unattractive girls to be stupid.
On a side note: It wasn't until I took an active party to look "pretty" that people would bother to listen to me as though I had any credibility.  Gyrate. Gold digging Overtly flirting to obtain something for free.  Oh god where to start Telling bad jokes.  It's cute on an attractive girl, especially when she thinks it's funny.  When the girl is ugly, it's just not funny. being a giant bitch video games.

if an attractive girl is playing a video game but shes fucking horrible at it, most guys think its acceptable since shes a hot girl playing their favorite game. however if a girl is actually pretty good at a video game but isnt as attractive then no one gives a shit. acting stupid. if she's attractive society seemingly encourages it. if you're not like a model, then you're a bitch.  Wasn't there already a thread about this? Dancing.
There was a mentally impaired girl at a school dance trying to dance in front of these guys. It would have been a bit attractive if another girl did it. General Rule for ALL girls that have a "bit" of weight (don't bite my head of ladies, I've got a bit of a tummy and I'm no skinny minny) DON'T WEAR SOMETHING TIGHT! Wear something that flatters your body. Acting like a massive bitch.  Drives me insane.  Nothing worse than an attractive girl who knows she is and feels like she can be a cunt to everyone because they are too afraid to say anything about it. Wearing Cut off Jean shorts  I dunno, I look like shit every day. I think the correct answer to this is almost everything. If a girl is attractive it seems like they can get away with everything. Hot girl picking their nose? oh that is so attractive. "Oh, I'm not pretty" 

If they are they're humble, if they're not they're just stating the obvious Being a narcissistic fuck up is totally ok if you're an attractive female.  Proof? I said this to a group of sort-of strangers the other day and got a hearty agreement.  On here, since I won't post a picture, I'll get downvoted.  Stripping. There's so many different types and so many different tastes in the world how can we even begin to grasp what's a ten or a five in the opposite sex. There's people out there who think Scarlett Johanson is an ugly troll and she's held as this apex of hotness in our society. Go online right now and find the craziest porn you can find; not batshit insane or disgusting, but something out of your normal jerk off list; I.e midget porn, obese women sitting on men, there's so many different types of porn it'd take Wolverine esq Powers to get to them all. And that's my point. There's so many different appetites in this world that even the most ugliest person can be someone's ten. 

Anyways to answer the question, cute girls can get away with being an annoying bitch A LOT longer (now i said longer, not indefinitely) than an ugly chick. If you look like Mr. Bean with boobs and are an asshole you better learn a trade or get a really cool talent.  I wish I was thin and pretty, so that I'll be able to do stuff. Let's all look to the crazy/hot scale A) Anything.  

B) Everything. I really wish I was joking about this, but check court cases to see this if you must... molest children. ITT: people discussing how people will feel about the topic and no one actually answering it. To an extent, acceptable behaviors make someone attractive. flirting pooping in public Acting weird. ITT: More bitching about reddits shitty-ness than actual answers to the question. Glasses I don't think the 1-10 scale is objective... Being dirty, nasty, lazy, and annoying. Although there is time limit on the tolerance one could put up with that shit.

If you are a bitch, regardless of attractiveness, I will not like you and treat you accordingly.
 Seductively eat a banana.  being douches. fat chick does it and she will most likely not get laid ever. attractive chick does it and its almost excepted because she's cute WARNING: Females, leave now if you don't want to be offended. As a male, I'm offended. maybe just in my place of employment, but disregarding dress codes.
4/10 is wearing a shirt that is too low cut, gets sent home to change or told to put on a sweater.
9/10 wearing a skirt that displays her lady garden, everyone remarks "wow, she's so confident!" I work with an attractive girl who is literally the dumbest human being I have ever encountered. Even my female coworkers look past all of the stupid shit she does. I asked them one time if they would put up with her shit if she was ugly. Silence.  TIL people treat me the way they do because I'm ugly.


God, this thread is depressing. :( You can't be ugly and be a bitch because no one likes you
 switch to "controversial" to see a shitstorm Let's keep in mind that there are plenty of thin/beautiful ladies that believe they are fat/unattractive. 

What are some indicators/benchmarks that we can use to know where we stand?  This question disgusts me.

Reminds me of when I was at the gym a few days ago and some girl and I were talking to a personal trainer. The girl was the type to go in full make up to the gym. She asked him dumb, ditzy questions about the equipment and he was smiling and happily engaging her. When I asked a question he literally looked at me,made a disgusted look, then looked away and went back to talking to the other girl. I'm not even ugly, I just was wearing baggy clothes and looked like any other person after a work out. What a POS. Planet fitness no judgment zone my ass. Being awkward or shy or quiet. unattractive girls who are awkward come off as creepy and weird. but when attractive girls are as such, it is perceived as charming. Just about anything. Being an asshole and a stuck up bitch. Because then you've got nothing. Ugly and a bitch? No redeeming qualities. Aside from wearing certain clothing, there's nothing that I can think of. I'll treat you exactly the same no matter where your lazy eye is looking, but don't be grossly overweight and wear a tube top and daisy dukes. 

I'm a skinny, pasty white guy, and you won't see me strolling around with my shirt off flaunting my nipple hair and bird chest.

 I used to be hot, gained lots of weight, now I'm fat and unattractive. There is such a huge difference in how people treat me. When it comes to first impressions, attractive people are usually respected and admired. Men will hold doors for you, women will check out your outfit or smile at you or make small talk. As an unattractive person, there is a "I don't care to know you" tone from strangers. No one holds the door open, no one smiles at me if I accidentally bump into them. It's like I'm completely invisible. Being a bitch. Being drunk in public. Nobody wants to carry home the ugly, fat girl.

Overeating. If you're sexy, I'm more impressed than disgusted. I feel that part of being ugly is just don't take care of yourself, specially being a woman. I understand that there are some people who is not pretty by nature, but the fact that they don't worry about their appearance at all makes it worst. You have everything to stand out, clothes, makeup, accessories , hair salons, nail places. Although I don't consider myself ugly, I'm not gorgeous. I also have an extra few pounds and I do everything for people to get the best of me when they see me. I do my hair every day, put makeup on, don't wear extremely fitted or short clothes. I think it's beyond beauty. It's the way you present yourself to others. I won't dye my hair platinum blonde just because it won't look on me. A lot of "ugly" people don't understand this. They are doing everything to bring out their worst instead of their best. Trends don't work with everybody and it's way better to find something that works on you than follow a trend that makes you look ridiculous.  Being unable to get themselves home after a night of drinking. Nobodys gonna pay for an ugly girls cab fare. Talking shit about other girls. Taking sexy photos of herselves and sharing them. Being direct to guys. Yoga pants Farting Snorting/other strange laughs. It seems to be a really fine line between cute or unique, and horrendous. Remember that cringe video of the dude from yesterday.  I think I hot chick might have gotten away with that. hot girls can get away with any behavior and unattractive girls cant/tread  Acting like you are happy. Sex Flirting. If a cute guy flirts with you then it's awesome but if they're unattractive it's creepy. 

There was a comic I read about this. *Ugh, I'm so ugly!* Not wearing makeup.  Reddit guys are all like "I wish girls wouldn't wear makeup," but for an ugly or average-looking girl, it can make a big difference!  Only the hot ones can really pull it off. I was at a party last Saturday and I was in the kitchen with a bunch of people I was only just acquainted with. We were all tipsy at this point, at some stage in the conversation it was just me and two other girls. One of them was somewhere between overweight and obese and I was not attracted too, the other was a German girl who was gorgeous. 

For some reason the first girl tried to lick my face, and I immediately backed away and stood on tip toes then the German girl tried to do the same and I let her without fuss. I don't know if I upset her or not, but her and my friend started making out and stuff leaving me to fuck things up all by myself with the German girl. Stalking. I once had a girl who would change her drive home from work to catch a glimpse of me on my daily jog. Since she was attractive, I thought it was cute and flattering when she told me. And then I had sex with her.

Had she been unattractive, she would have been a creepy stalker.

 Talking. Being outgoing. If you're not a physically appealing woman, better keep your mouth shut. Total BS.
 Being into me.
 Wearing Yoga Pants. *Shivers*  Wearing Yoga Pants. *Shivers*  Oh Jesus Christ. Really? Okay-how about -EVERYTHING. if you're hot, you can be 1. an asshole. 2. a narcissist. 3. ignorant/racist/untalented/stupid/abusive/self-absorbed/an asshole/a psychopath.....etc, etc, etc. and you get a fucking pass. Let's stop raining rainbows and glitter, shall we? Sitting on my face. Hot/Crazy scale Bitchiness/attitude.  So many fellow women have said in front of me about fat/ugly women that they cannot afford to be rude/bitchy/give attitude because they already don't have much going for them. I am not attractive but I will do/wear whatever I want and fuck whoever I want as long as the other person(s) are wanting it enthusiastically. Deal with it. Playing hard to get Spending 5 hours to get ready. If a gorgeous girl comes down those stairs looking fly it's like "worth it." but like an ugly chick does it... Comes down still looking ugly, why the fuck did I wait 5 hours for this. Flirting with you. One of the most, if not the most, shallow thread in Reddit history. Arrogance through being picky. Unattractive women have no right to be picky and choosy when it comes to men.

When I hear my GF's friends talk about how they want a rich husband and a 'real man' to take care of them, I laugh inside because I know this will turn out to be a colossal, and absolutely hilarious, failure. TL;DR - Fat women are disgusting and shouldn't exist.

Fat people in general are disgusting and shouldn't exist. Being a tease. If you are 7+/10, then being a tease is acceptable...as long as it does go somewhere. If you are less than a 7/10, don't even waste mine or anyone else's time being a tease. You just aren't worth the time or effort. No one should have to jump through hoops for mediocre pussy. Flirting. Sarcasm. Arrogance Just about everything, I'd say.  Probably similar to the same behaviors acceptable in a rich guy versus a poor guy. A desire to have sex with me. competing in a wet t shirt contest or vagina contest. not have a personality... 

often i see guys swoon over the cute chick that stares blankly at the ceiling because she is debating the complexities of the universe... but forgets everything she has to say about it. Ugly chicks being rude is bad for them. They don't have much going for them in the physical department then they have to make it up somewhere.  So much wrong with this post lol. I'm a girl so I'll talk about things some girls do in general that makes them incredibly unattractive.

1) crying when drunk. You don't even know why you are crying, just have fun. 

2) being all over you when drunk, like all up on you. Its gross no one wants that, guys don't find you sticking your tongue in there face attractive. 

3) burping ( guys also, its just gross)

4) squealing when you see your friend. I get excited and being excited is understandable but squealing? my pug squeals when she's happy, that's cute, you doing it isn't. 

5) Raccoon eyes. Wash your face then apply makeup. Don't ever go to bed with makeup on unless you are drunk. don't ever go out with the makeup on your face from yesterday unless you are on the walk of shame. 

6) Don't ever substitute yoga pants as dressy going out pants. It makes you look cheap. 

 Talking to me You can be fat, or can be a bitch, but you can never ever be a fat bitch. Every guy on Reddit better be the fucking sexiest human to live. Look, I just want to say this, women have a choice to be attractive. They, really, really do. Not necessarily 'beautiful' or 'cute' but attractive, absolutely. Lose some weight, take care of your skin and hair, wear clothes that fit you, and suddenly you will be attractive to the other sex, to the same sex, and to yourself. Think about it.

Edit: words. ITT: people answering the question regardless of how offensive it might be and fat girls raging because they're offended by "vapid bro" portion of reddit (lol ok). booty shakin' maaaaaannn The willingness to suck on a penis.  Duck face As a guy, there's nothing that I prefer more when an unattractive girl does it.  I can't think of any circumstance where I've said "Man, I wish the girl doing that was less attractive."  I think that's what attractive means. Talking about birth control it contraceptives.

When a hot girl talks about her birth control you better believe guys pay attention

But... when some fugly girl joins the conversation everyone just seems to sit their thinking why the hell she thinks she needs it. licking my **baaaaaaaaaallss**

LOL

seriously, no ugly or fat chicks get near my crotch, period! Fat girls wearing leggings/yoga pants everywhere without a long shirt to cover their booty meat. I don't care how comfortable you are I don't feel like I should have to see that in public. Its not attractive, your ass looks like a deformed black raincloud.

I should just start wearing those tight spandex biker shorts everywhere and let my ballsack and cock stick out proudly. If someone says something I can just claim "IM COMFORTABLE YOU BITCH" Anything and nothing, respectively. Friday night in the midst of playing drinking golf (a bar hopping drink-your-face-off game where you keep score and no one wins), I was walking from one bar to the next when I caught a whiff of the green stuff. I stumbled to the source, a car, knocked on the window and asked if they'd share. They let me get in and packed me a bowl and then I continued on my merry way! I was later told this would not have happened if I were uggo.  Existing.  Too bad, I'm going to thoroughly enjoy being a source of drainage on society's precious resources. None of them.  There shouldn't be a double standard based on looks. Being unattractive acting like a child everything Acting like they are hot Talking to me. ITT: people associate ugly with fat. It's now a crime to find fat or ugliness unattractive as it is gingers or people with large noses. Everyone is 100% equal and everyone is attractive to everyone because society is fair. The thread reddit has been waiting for... Ghetto bootay Stupidity twerking talking to me  burping, talking, being noticed Short shorts Yoga pants..*shudders* Stupidity Genocide.

If Hitler out on *just* more make up... flashing fat people sicken me, especially happy fat people &gt;implying the 1-10 scale is at all objective Everything? Anything  Ah the objective 1-10 scale.

Well lets make a list and put it through congress so those fat ugly women won't be allowed to wear revealing clothing or bathing suits at the beach anymore.

This isn't something for people, especially redditors, to decide. This thread is jacked up... All girls are beautiful

...^^on ^^the ^^inside Flirting with me. I have this 9/10 in my class, and in the middle of lectures, she'll start rubbing up against me with her feet, tickling me (I'm very ticklish) and just antagonizing like we're back in first grade. She also likes to grab my crotch and feel me up too. If she wasn't attractive I wouldn't let her do it... but I wanna tap dat ass, mhmm.

Edit: I've been starting to reciprocate too, and it makes her do it more. It's going *okay*. Marrying a dude for his money. Sucking my dick Really aggressive flirting.  Just about anything that gets on another persons nerves. Talking. Having sex with me Cutting in line.  Talking to me.  Seriously, if you are a 1, I don't want to talk to you.    As a 6/10 with an 8/10 for a sister, I notice that she can get away with having a very boring personality while I have to be interesting in some way for people to give me a chance.

She can rely on her looks to make friends, but I have to dress nice and flatter people with my intelligence to get noticed. I hate it when hot gay guys think its ok to suck you off in the middle of the street. I'd be like, no sirrie! Let's go to the alley before you suck me dry, wise guy! But when you're fat and ugly, people would be like: just relax yourrl anus for the insertion. I'm just like, WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE WORLD,  MAMA? I stretch my legs and arms as far as they can, and retract into a fetal position while smushing my palms into my face like [this](http://imgur.com/8ULRrOD).  Then I roll around in the bed like that toy with the weasel attached to a ball until I'm a giant blanket blob. My TV automatically turns onto MSNBC at 6:30am. I get so angry at the commentary that I get riled up and feel more awake. 

---
^^Edit: ^^Thank ^^you ^^Gold ^^fairy! ^^:D
 as soon as I wake up I jump out of bed and stand up. Since my body was laying horizontal, when I stand vertical it makes me light headed and I fall on the floor. And take another 5 min nap there. I feel more awake after waking up the second time.  My friend sets the alarm 2 hours before he needs to be awake just so he can wake up for a moment and be happy he has 2 hours left. So weird... Weigh myself before and after a shower. I started noticing this about 6-7 months ago. I need to be in to work by 8:15, so I get up at 6 so I don't have to rush. I work close to my job and I'm a bit of a morning person anyway. I get up, pee, shower, get dressed, eat some form of breakfast. Now, the ritual. I drink a cup of coffee, sneeze twice, then take a dump. It's like the 2nd sneeze is the trigger. I don't know how this happened. It's almost like a Pavlovian response or something, but I can't imagine myself getting unwittingly trained to do this.  I have to turn on my sink for my cat every morning so he can just sit in it and bitch about getting wet. He doesn't leave me alone if I don't do it.  The eternal struggle between all the reasons I probably could stay home versus why it's probably a terrible idea, sometimes I just think to myself "fuck it I'll pull off being a hobo pretty decently, I'll go live on the beach in a shack and do subsistence farming and fishing and get a leather skin tan" I wake up, drink a glass of milk out of a martini glass, shower, eat (naked because I just showered), get dressed, feed my rat and take for a run, and then go to school.  I bathe in the blood of a weaker human.
It probably doesn't do a ton, just one of those silly family things.
lol. I pat my cat, tell her to be a good cat and let her know when i expect to be home, just before i walk out the door. As soon as I wake up, I have to crack every joint I can. That means knuckles (all three parts), wrists, elbows, neck, back, ankles, and toes. I stare at the ceiling for awhile before getting out of bed and think about how much I hate my fucking job. I wake up 30 mins earlier than what I really need to, just so I can have coffee and not feel rushed. Before jumping in the shower I kick my underwear up and grab it mid air. Actually, I do it every time I'm about to get naked. I lock the doors, pull down my shorts then begin waving my penis around; up and down, left and right and around and around. I brush my teeth in the shower cause it saves time and makes sure I brush my teeth for a while. Also I get to spit on the shower floor Stand naked in the bathroom and pee into the shower. Turn on the water and let it run, then I enter the shower.  Turn off the computer and go to work. Insomnia is fun! One of my cats sits on my lap for 5 minutes.  She never comes near me any other time of the day. -use the cheapest possible towels/washcloths because I like how they scratch and super fluffy towels don't feel like they dry me well.

-perch on the bathroom counter to do my makeup.  Gag to the point of puking and cough my lungs out when I brush my tongue. Every damn morning. Laying in bed and browsing Reddit and checking my mail for an hour before I get up. Every morning, before I go to school I set a reality check timer for every hour on my phone. On a good day, sex. On less good days, getting denied sex. 

One of those is much, much more frequent.  I have to count while I brush my teeth. I've divided my mouth into 5 zones with 13 different surfaces (plus tongue) that each get a 10 second count of brushing. This way I can ensure that I get the full 2 minutes of brushing and I don't miss a spot. If I'm in a hurry, sometimes I only count to 8. Scratching my cat's belly as he rolls around at my feet while I pee. It's how I start my day, every day.  I stare at my walk-in closet overflowing with shoes, bags, skirts, dress, etc. And complain I have nothing to wear and should go shopping again. I set my alarm for a couple of hours before I actually have to get up, then just keep hitting the snooze button. I can't just instantly bound out of bed like some people. I blow my nose three times. No more, no less. 

My brother asked my wife if I still do this (married 10+ years), she thought it was hilarious that I've been doing it my entire life. i cry a little every morning. somehow it makes me feel better. i don't know why My morning poop time is sacred. Here's a weird one that I definitely need to stop:

I wake up every morning about an hour or so before I have to leave (sometimes a bit longer). Then I go into the bathroom and turn on the shower, but don't get in. Then I proceed to sit in the bathroom, usually on my phone on Reddit or something, while I listen to the shower run for several minutes. I have done this for years. There is something so calming about the shower blocking out noise and blocking out silence. It's the only sure fire way to calm my anxiety.

It's quite weird. I'm lucky I don't currently share my bathroom with anyone.  Hop on my computer. I literally don't even touch the ground. When I get out of the shower, I have to dry off my body parts in a specific order. Face, hair, chest, left armpit, left shoulder, right armpit, right shoulder, left forearm, right forearm, stomach, lower back, butt, left leg, right leg, crotch. I have a morning ritual that I need to share. I call it "the terminator". First I crouch down in the shower in the classic "naked terminator traveling through time" pose. With my eyes closed I crouch there for a minute, visualizing either Arnold or the guy from the second movie (not the chick in the third one because that one sucked) and I start to hum the terminator theme. Then I slowly rise to a standing position and open my eyes. It helps me to proceed through my day as an emotionless, cyborg badass. The only problem is if the shower curtain sticks to my terminator leg. It ruins the fantasy[.](http://www.boards.ie/vbulletin/showthread.php?t=2055175865) My girlfriend and I wake up each day, grab a Dunkin Donuts coffee, and take our dog to the park to run around while we smoke a cigarette and drink coffee. We will definitely miss this when things change (ie: morning jobs, lack of funds, etc) I try to roll out of bed without waking my girlfriend but then I can't resist how cute she is so I rub my nose on her and kiss her cheeks. Then she gets a super grumpy look on her face and scowls at me. We have talked about it many times but I just can't resist. She is adorable! Is cursing my wretched life each morning a thing? Not that it was healthy, but when I had a drug problem, I used to blow lines first thing in the morning. I clip pieces of some Indian woman's hair all over my head -- hair extensions. I've trained my cat that he will get praise if he digs frantically at the bottom of the shower.  It sounds and looks really funny, and he makes these little huffing noises of concentration.  This is my entertainment while going to the bathroom and brushing my teeth in the morning, it's good to start the day off with a laugh. When I was in high school my mom used to wake me up. My internal time clock, however, would wake me up just before she would come in to wake me. It was basically my routine for everyday because it happened  almost every damn morning. 

On several occasions I would wait in the dark and pretend to be asleep until she got really close and scare the brix out of her shit. One of the first times I did it I grabbed her by her arm and she flew back, pulling me out of bed on top of her. Being the young lad I was, I hadn't thought to cool my iron rod that morning. I'll leave the details to your imagination. We've never talked about that night.  I wake up, kiss my girlfriend on the shoulder, feed the cats, browse reddit while taking a shit and heating myself with a hair dryer because cold. I go on Reddit and Youtube for about 2 hours before I actually get out of bed. The part where I jump in a cold pool at 5:45am.  Being a college athlete sure gets annoying sometimes. Pop a Xanax or two.

(no really, its prescribed) Whenever I have the bathroom all to myself, it's excessive helicopter time. Best way to start a healthy and balanced day! I give myself a pep talk every morning. Like, ill be in the kitchen making a coffee and ill just talk to myself for a bit. I really like talking to folk, but my fiance and flatmate are NOT morning people. I have different voices and characters and everything!  I blow a raspberry at myself in the mirror every morning. Don't know why but I've done it since I was about 4 and never stopped. I like to think it keeps me from taking myself too seriously. I take a walk. But that's not the weird part: The only thing that can compel me to walk at 5:30 AM is setting 4 alarms each 1 minute apart:

1\. Get  
2\. The  
3\. FUCK

and the one that usually does the trick:

4\. UP! I pee and just stare at my balls and play with them for five min, then I think: oh shit! It's late! And I rush to do the other regular stuff. I don't know about "weird" but I have a set of webcomics I read every morning before I actually start working.
 
 
- [The Adventures Dr. McNinja](http://drmcninja.com/)
 
- [Bad Machinery](http://www.scarygoround.com/) 
 
- [Penny Arcade](http://www.penny-arcade.com/)
 
- [Girl Genius](http://www.girlgeniusonline.com/)
 
 
It used to be a *much* longer list. Like 30 or so comics. But over time I've pared it down into a more manageable set. I imagine this is what it used to be like back in the day when people read the funnies in the paper. Just, you know, better.  Every single morning, no exceptions, I wake up later than I was supposed to and rush through everything. Then on Saturday I voluntarily wake up at 2:30 AM feeling perfectly refreshed and rested on like 23 minutes of shut eye. I'm at uni so I have nothing that in any way resembles a routine. I would get so much more done if I did but I can be rested and well fed when I'm employed I wake up 45 minutes earlier to play guitar/bass whatever i'm feeling like playing. If I don't do it I will be unsocial and sad all day.
I do that for 30 minutes, the other 15 minutes are for standing outside and watching the sheeps,horses,cows,chickens of my neighbours just doing stuff. Animals are the shizzle for me in the morning

It makes me calm and readies me for the day.
(readies? Is that a word?) My girlfriend and I wake up and take synchronised bong hits before breakfast.  Watch at least 45 minutes of youtube videos. Ma....ma....ma....ma... making tea for my elderly grandmother I don't know if this is weird but my shower routine is the exact same every single day. I even dry every body part in the same order every single day.   I live in the American Gardens Building on West 81st Street, on the 11th Floor. My name is neverlupus16. I’m twenty-four years old. I believe in taking care of myself, in a balanced diet, and a rigorous exercise routine. In the morning, if my face is a little puffy, I’ll put on an ice pack while doing my stomach crunches. I can do a thousand now.
 
After I remove the ice pack, I use a deep pore cleanser lotion. In the shower, I use a water-activated gel cleanser. Then, a honey-almond body scrub. And on the face, an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb-mint facial mask, which I leave on for ten minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine.
 
I always use an aftershave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out, and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm, followed by a final moisturizing, protective lotion.
 
There is an idea of a neverlupus16 Some kind of abstraction. But there is no real me; only an entity, something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable, I simply am not there. I wake myself up after 6 hours of sleep, then go back to sleep for hella vivid dreams Half sleep until 15 minutes before I have to leave. I read books in the shower and I hide the evidence from my boyfriend. Because I am ashamed.
 Feeding the people in the cages in the basement.  The hour it takes to wake up my 8 year old.  I check what time the bus is coming and then leave regardless of what it says. Maybe I'll get lucky and catch an early one, maybe I'll rage at the buses that never come. It's an adventure! Not getting out of bed, wasting my life and education and then browsing reddit whilst not eating. I pay a guy $200 to pee on him each morning. A typical morning for me, if all things go according to plan:

Awaken. Feel fantastic for a moment before I suddenly remember what my life is like. Become filled with despair that rapidly coagulates into a sort of mildly annoyed ennui.

Ennui pushed rudely aside by bladder. Go to bathroom. Pee.

Begin to feel increased annoyance due to nicotine withdrawal. Realize I still have to brush last night's nicotine off teeth before I can sate nicotine addiction. Become angry.

Brush teeth in a rage. Vow to destroy universe. Mean it.

Finish brushing teeth. Glare at self in mirror briefly. Notice I'm kind of cute when I vow to destroy the universe. Smirk. You're alright, kid. I like the cut of your jib, son, that kind of thing.

Acquire bottle of water. Take caffeine pills.

Acquire e-cig.

(Now the weird part):

Sit in rocking chair. Vape while rocking in chair and listening to music on headphones. Must rock for at least thirty minutes. I am addicted to rocking. The continued existence of the universe depends solely on my ability to rock in a chair every morning for at least thirty minutes.

This is not causal, relaxed, old-man-on-the-porch rocking. This is purposeful, save-the-world type rocking. It's more akin to rowing, to be honest.

And it will happen, again and again. Must happen. 1)Wake up

2)Shower

3)Roll a joint

4)Walk the dog while smoking it

5)Drive to work Well today in lieu of my breakfast I have to take another Vyvanse cuz this come down sucks. EVERY MORNING I WAKE UP AND OPEN PALM SLAM A VHS INTO THE SLOT. ITS CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK AND RIGHT THEN AND THERE I START DOING THE MOVES ALONGSIDE WITH THE MAIN CHARACTER, RIDDICK. I DO EVERY MOVE AND I DO EVERY MOVE HARD. MAKIN WHOOSHING SOUNDS WHEN I SLAM DOWN SOME NECRO BASTARDS OR EVEN WHEN I MESS UP TECHNIQUE. NOT MANY CAN SAY THEY ESCAPED THE GALAXY’S MOST DANGEROUS PRISON. I CAN. I SAY IT AND I SAY IT OUTLOUD EVERYDAY TO PEOPLE IN MY COLLEGE CLASS AND ALL THEY DO IS PROVE PEOPLE IN COLLEGE CLASS CAN STILL BE IMMATURE JERKS. AND IVE LEARNED ALL THE LINES AND IVE LEARNED HOW TO MAKE MYSELF AND MY APARTMENT LESS LONELY BY SHOUTING EM ALL. 2 HOURS INCLUDING WIND DOWN EVERY MORNING. THEN I LIFT I have to instantly leap out of bed the second my alarm goes off or else I have a very tired day Leaving the alarm on for around half an hour because even though it's at maximum volume it still doesn't wake me up. Going on reddit for houra before I even get out of bed.  Eat dry Cornflakes, don't even like them that much but I still eat those mother fuckers anyway  I set my alarm clark a half hour early because I like to give myself the idea that I might wake up and go jogging. I give my cats some cat milk at the same time I get my morning coffee, then I drink my coffee while I enjoy watching two cats share their milk.

My day just doesn't feel right if it doesn't start with that.  I have to brush my teeth before I do ANYTHING else. I dance around the kitchen with my 3 year old while we cook breakfast to his musical choice of the morning. Two days ago it was Children of Bodom, yesterday it was Coheed and Cambria, this morning it was Queen. For a week straight all he'd want was Crocodile Rock every morning... I generally hold my farts in until I'm in the shower, then squat down and let out a couple loud, boisterous numbers so they bounce off the tub floor.  Gives me a good giggle to wake up.  So far I've only pooped in the tub 8 or 9 times Destroying the evidence.   The best part of waking up is not Folger's; for me, it is taking that first dip of Copenhagen and getting in the shower. My day is never as good as it is in that 5-10 minute window. 6.30 - alarm goes off. 
6.31 - turn off alarm. 
6.32 - go back to sleep. 
7.00 - mum wakes me up. 
7.01 - reddits. 
7.14 - pretends to be asleep. 
7.15 - gets yelled at by mum to get in the shower. 
7.20 - shower. 
7.30 - reddits. 
8.15 - leave house to go to school. 
8.35 - late to school. 

...like fucking clock work. I turn the shower on cold to wake me up then slowly make it hotter. It means I only need a 3-4 minute shower and I'm awake and ready for the morning. A daily morning dump is a great start to the morning I brush my teeth in the shower to "save time", but I keep my toothbrush by the sink so it's there when I need it at nighttime, and besides I don't want to leave my toothbrush in the shower. Gross.  I'm always afraid I'll forget my toothbrush in the shower though, so as soon as I'm done brushing I throw it out of the shower onto the vanity. I open my laptop, turn up the brightness and stare at the screen until I'm fully awake. I guess it's not super weird but I hit snooze at least twice every morning so I can stay in bed and snuggle with my cats. Actually, it's kind of lame lol I wake up at least one hour before i need to go out because i need to take a shit at least two times, usually its 4. I hate my bowels when i have to get up early I can't really control this but sometimes when I put my socks on in the morning I look out the window and just drift into space. Like I just sit there for a couple solid minutes looking out the window thinking about my dream last night or anything really. Once I catch myself I'm usually rushing... Wake up around half four in the morning, head downstairs and put the kettle on. Get a mug ready and pour in a tea spoon and a half of coffee. Whilst waiting for the water to boil, roll myself a cigarette. When it's ready, I'll pour the water and start to walk to my gardenwhilst saying good morning to my two dogs. The 10 minutes I have to sit in the garden and smoke are what I treasure the most in the days now. I usually wake up an hour early and make some coffee then i sit about 45 mins in a chair listening to 70's rock I meditate for 20 minutes each morning. I have two cups of coffee every morning. That's not the weird part though.

After the second cup, like clockwork, I take a glorious shit. The kind that rids of bags under the eyes and brings clarity to the mind. Farting while peeing. May not be weird but man do I look forward to that first fart of the day! Every morning I wake up at 10am. On the button, with or without an alarm clock. Go upstaires, start the coffee, have a smoke, grab fresh coffee, have another smoke, finish coffee, have another smoke, grab another coffee, have a shit, have another smoke.

Every morning for the past 6 months. In order. I turn on the hot water in the shower and give myself a nice steam whilst I poop. Actually liking the morning. I am a morning person, always have been. When I wake up, it's with more energy and productivity than I have at any other time of the day. It annoys almost everyone.  My morning routine is in the afternoon sometimes. Allot of the time. Before I leave my apartment I slap both my front pockets, then my ass, then my pocket again to make sure I didn't forget anything. Before I do anything else, even taking a piss, I'm out the back door smoking a cigarette in my underwear...   I like to wake up to the smell of freshly-cooked bacon. When I was living alone, I used to have one of those power outlet timers hooked up to a George Foreman grill. Whenever I went to bed, I'd lay out a few pieces of bacon for the next morning. It was great until I got up early one day to go to the bathroom and burnt my foot on the grill. To add salt to the wound, the whole day everyone at the office would act like I was faking how much it hurt. Then this other guy who worked there lightly ran into a pole with his car and everyone just dropped what they were doing to help him. The dude even stole my joke. *I own that joke...* I eat really dry stuff that hurts the roof of my mouth as it gets soggy in a bowl of liquid that came out a cow's nipple I curse loudly, screaming at the top of my lungs, whatever comes to my mind seconds after my eyes open. Usually "f***" and "NO" are common repeats. It lasts less then 10 seconds, but is enough to scare the shit out of both animal and g/f, on a daily basis. Its coffee for the soul.  I have to have my first morning pee in a Tupperware. I always take a shit in the morning before I shower. That way the smell of my shit will be so pungent that I finish my shower quickly. when i wake up, i clap my hands together and say "today is gonna be a good day" then get out of bed.  I have an alarm that goes off a half hour before I actually need to get up and get myself and my son ready for work and daycare respectively. That half hour is spent lounging, nursing him, and making him smile, and it's probably the best part of my day. Most of the time, I wake up in the morning feeling like P Diddy. I then grab my glasses, then head out the door in anticipation of hitting the city. But right before I leave, I brush my teeth with a bottle of Jack. Because at this point, when I leave for the night, I most likely will not be returning. have to have a massive stretch like a starfish on the bed. I do the exact same thing everyday and if I don't have my morning poo my day is ruined. Wake up and sit on the toilet for 10 minutes checking facebook and reddit.  Its early rgiht now and I tend to not be very dextrous. I drop shti and can't type. Waking up early to watch fresh prince of bell air. My morning could always use a little Carlton I always give myself 10 minutes to mess around with my cats. [deleted] Pep talk for myself.  I set my alarm to an hour early so I can daydream for an hour. Doesn't really happen anymore because I'm so tired that I just sleep for the hour. I wake up around 7am on my off days and fall asleep again on my couch for crazy deep sleep until 10am. Set alarm early to watch some World of Tanks on YouTube, but always fall back to sleep for that full hour realizing that I don't have enough time to take a shower before work. Some people wake and bake.  Others wake and pray.  But I wake and shake.  It's probably not weird, but I feel the need to masturbate in order to have the motivation to get out of bed and go to the gym at 5 in the morning... Trying my hardest to wait till I get to work before dropping deuce. After other essential bodily functions are 
taken care of and teeth are cleaned, I initiate the shower routine:

1. Wash hair
2. Wash face
3. Wash body.

Has to be in this exact order, otherwise the day just feels...odd. This. Exact. Order. 

I of course realise this is a little mad, but then again I could start the day with a sacrifice of some sort. Different strokes and all that.  watch family guy and coffe Snoozing up to the last milisecond. That part when I get up and cannot, by any means, figure out in what order I should dress. 


So it's different every time. Set alarm for 6 am, wake up at 7, brush teeth , drink some coffee , shower for like 1 hour because I'm a dude with long hair then I'm off I have heavy duty curtains, so it can be difficult to wake up because it's always dark in my room. Thus, I roll out of bed, pull on pants if I need to, and throw open the curtains. The sudden flash of bright morning sun shakes off the sleepiness. Later, I have a cup of coffee to wake me up for real. I rub little pieces of plastic on my eyeballs until they stick. Oversleeping Feeding shredded cheddar cheese to my pet starling. I break my breakfast ritual up into different parts, and have to do them in the same order. 

1. Eat Banana (Absolutely comes before anything else.)

2. Make Iced Coffee (I need to be able to start absorbing the caffeine before I do the rest.)

3. Pack lunch for the day. (Because this part just feels like an annoyance at the time since I have no use for this food until later, I prefer to do it before eating all of my breakfast.)

4. Eat greek yogurt and/or cereal. (I don't understand people who don't make healthy breakfast a priority.)

5. Finish coffee. (This is the absolute last thing I do before walking out the door to work. If I have to take out the trash, give my cats food or water, send an email, whatever, I have to do all of that before finishing my last sip of coffee.) In the morning if my face is a little puffy, I'll put on an ice pack while doing my stomach crunches. I can do a thousand now. Smoke in the shower. Sometimes I throw up in the morning. It's usually related to how thick the mucus in my throat is, I think. If I drink water it usually loosens it up a bit and then I can go about my day. So yeah, there's that.

Sorry about grossing you guys out and shit. i always listen to some music. Whether it's heavier music to wake me up, calmer music to relax me, or happy music to cheer me up, it's always a good way to start your day The Price is Right, baby. The days when there's Plinko... those are magical days. I stand on the toilet while I brush my teeth It won't seem weird to you all but I sit on the can for a minimum of 45 mins redditing. To a non redditing wife it is very strange.  Wake up to alarm at 7:50. Go back to sleep. Wake up to second alarm at 8:03 after 13 min sleep. Get up, turn phone off, turn fan off, breakfast shit brush teeth leave. I shower before bed. I know I get grody when I sleep, but I can't be bothered having one in the morning.  Naked pull ups  I brush my teeth for 6-10 minutes while doing something else like watching TV, I only brush in the morning in the morning and yet I still have very healthy teeth according to my dentist.  I lay down in the shower with my head and arm outside of the tub and browse reddit for roughly an hour. Everyday.  scratching then sniff A friend of mine counts 9 up/down with his deodorant on each armpit. whatever i do, showering is last. I don't understand people who shower and then go for a run or whatever. Whats the point? you're just sweaty again... I sniff my coffee before brewing it every morning I set my alarm early so I can hit the snooze a couple times and slowly wake up.  I take my daily vitamins and medications in order.  Allergy pills -&gt; Vitamin D -&gt; Multivitamin -&gt; Blood pressure -&gt; Omeprazole 

If I don't, I get confused and can't remember what I have left to take. A cat that isn't mine jumps through my window every morning onto my bed, then meows loudly until I give it something to eat. I bought tins of cat food the other day to appease this creature. Then it licks itself and leaves through the same window. Been about two months now and I don't have the heart to tell him he has the wrong house. Giving it the lotion to put on its skin. Trying to tell myself NOT to obsess over a breakout and letting it ruin my confidence. This happens all the time. I wake up super happy and then look in the mirror and have acne appear and immediately get upset. it's SO stupid =( I am so obsessive over what I think others think of it. I fall out of bed 10 minuets before I have to leave...I have no ritual.. I tap my boner on the desk three times and sprint to the bathroom I wake up about an hour before I need to so I can enjoy my tea, web comics, and dead tree comics.  I have to wake up 2 hours before leaving the house in the morning. I have IBS and so I need to get a feel of how my bowels are. I wake up, take my morning meds and eat breakfast straight away. Usually the act of eating stimulates my bowels, and over the next 2 hours I can go to the toilet as many times as I want, and not feel anxious that I have no time.

My boyfriend wakes up, Reddits for half an hour or so in bed, showers, gets dressed and leaves. No relaxed pooping time for him. I have a routine and have had it for several decades. I get up and throw on some clothes then it goes Coffee, Cigarette, Shower. I never go Cig-Coffee-Shower or any other variation. Every morning.  i play shots before i take my mouthwash I'd say getting up qualifies as a weird ritual because I'm certainly not built for getting up early. 

Man, I wish I was more of an early-bird. This 8-1600 business is killing me slowly. How do you do it?! I rub stem cells on my face. I check reddit on my tablet before leaving bed When I'm bent over putting on/tying my shoes, my girlfriend's cat will climb up on my shoulders and meow in my ear. I hate cats, but that cat worships me like a god.  checking reddit . . . I DUNNO WHY I DO THIS Hand job for my brother is probably a little off the norm.  But that's not *every* morning. Wake up, jerk off once or twice, get out of bed, put on my work clothes from yesterday, run water through hair to activate the gel from a day or 2 ago, mayyybe brush my teeth, then run out the door to grab a bacon egg mcmuffin, 4 red bulls, and a pack of gum, and make it work 10 minutes late. I always set an alarm clock to wake me up 1 hour early but I usually never get up. I just like that feeling of "Yay, I can sleep for a little longer."

 Checking my resting heart rate first is the thing I do after I wake up.  Coughing up a gallon of phlegm  I wake up 5-10 minutes before my alarm goes off. go take a piss. go back to sleep. snooze alarm so many times that when I'm finally sort of awake, my first lecture begins. I decide it's not worth it to get out of bed anymore, so I turn off my alarm and go back to sleep. wake up at around 10-10.30, lay in bed for another 30-60 minutes.

get out of bed, shower, put on clothes, open the curtains and a window. prepare breakfast while the pc is turning on, eat breakfast while surfing internet, make coffee, drink coffee quickly because I made too much and only have 10-15 minutes to drink it before I have to leave for my afternoon-class. grab everything I need and put it into a bag, put on jacket, grab keys, turn off pc, brush teeth and leave my room.

alternatively, there are also the ocassions where I manage to get out of bed in time, in that case the pc stays off and I don't drink coffee, because everytime I make coffee I end up being late. (without coffee too, but less late) I dunno if its weird per say but since I am female you know we have shampoo, conditioner, body wash, *cough* feminine wash and a billion other wash products. I have to use mine in the same order every morning. My showers are like 30 minutes long but worth it. I smell great. Also, body parts have to shaved in a certain order. Vipassana meditation. Start the day right. I pee and brush my teeth in the shower.  I'm drinking coffee while taking a dump, after morning coffee number two is a must for me, so it's practical and saves me a lot of time:) I brush my teeth with warm water  Straightening my hair takes up the majority of my morning. I'm a bloke.  When I get out of the shower, I have to cup some water in my right hand before I turn it off, I keep it there against my belly as a open the curtain with my left hand to get out, and then I swash the water in to my left hand, then back to my right, and back to my left, and then drop it. 

I hate touching smooth things before I get out of the shower. It makes me feel gross and angry. 

I have been doing that since I was 12.  curse the gods The most bizarre part of my morning ritual is when I put on Breakfast Television for my cat.  She loves Kevin Frankish. I wake up 1.5 hours before I really should. In that time I take a nice long steamy shower with the lights off, then I crawl back into bed and nap for an hour or so. Wake up really refreshed and ready to go.  after I shower/eat, general maintenance i bring out my Long sword and pretend to fight ninjas, pirates, ewoks, all maner of unlikely enemies and situations. just helps me prepare for what may come.  Wake up, take dogs out, fall back asleep for 30 more minutes, wake up again, cook breakfast, watch Adventure Time.
I'm not sure if it's weird or not, but that has been my routine for about four months now. For some reason I just don't feel as good if I don't fall back asleep for a few minutes after taking out my bros. 10:00 to 11:45) Wake up and check phone to make sure I didn't over sleep, repeat two to ten times.

12:00 to 12:05) Wake up, go to take a shit.  False alarm, but I'm still tired so I sit for awhile.

12:05 to 12:25) Do the dailies: Read websites, web comics, and blogs that only update once or twice a day.

12:25 to 12:40'ish) Retreat back to the bathroom to take that shit now that's it's ready.

12:40 to 1:00) Make an omelet

1:00 to 1:40) Eat omelet while finishing up the dailies.

1:40 to 2:00) Power up work compute and get things ready, drop plate in sink, dread the coming work day

2:00 to 10:30) Work Laying down in my walk in closet, cover myself in a towel, naked, while the shower is running. 

So relaxing.  When the coffee is brewed, I put it in an open window to cool. I eat a piece of toast and when I'm finished, the coffee is cool enough and I then down it all at once. It's really effective.  Fap and browse Reddit on my phone, then shower and eat. The double vocal cord yawn. My girlfriend hates it, but it just makes me feel more awake.  I set about 5 alarms. It usually takes me about a half hour to get ready so I hit the snooze on those alarms for about 2 hours before I get up. Stick cue tips in my nose to clean it out.  Feels great honestly.  I fill up a cup of coffee and take it in the shower with me, but just set it on the shelf and don't drink out of it.  I have no idea why.  Just in case I guess. Not getting up. I have to get my cat a bowl of water with ice in it.  He cries and follows me until I do.  If I skip the ice cube he looks at me like I'm stupid, then cries some more.

It's important to mention there is a bowl of water in the cat feeding area at all times, he just wants special water. With an ice cube.  Also, because my mom wakes up earlier than me, he pulls the same routine on both of us. Having to use a gigantic vibrating vest on my chest in order to clear mucus out of my lungs. (cystic fibrosis) I comb my beard  Uni starts at around 9 in the morning so I gotta wake up at 5:30 in the morning everyday, so i can reach there by 8:45. Is it weird that I drink a pint of warm/cool water the first thing after waking up? Something about it makes me feel awake, and then poop gloriously later. I go on a one mile run for about ten minutes before I shower, just so I feel productive.  Waking my dogs. The collies will just stretch and saunter around waving their tails. The doxie has to be unwrapped from the cocoon on blankets on the couch, cooed at, tummy rubbed, picked up and hugged then put down to say hello to the two collies. Then they all barrel outside to the backyard for whatever it is they do while I go back to bed for a while. Weird to some people, not to others, I wake up 3 hours before work and go for a medium to long run (Depending on who you talk to) for 8-10 miles.  If I DON'T get this run in, I'm cranky all day. Every morning I wake up instantly regretting that I stayed up late the night before, yet every night I continue to stay up. 

There is always that moment where morning me is completely annoyed by night me, but can't do anything about it.  wake up take off my pjs and then put on socks, bra and underwear. i stay like this while i do my hair, make-up, etc. and then finished getting dressed at the end Ever since I was little every morning in the colder months I would sit on the heater vent to warm up. Even as an adult I do this, strangely it's very relaxing.  It feels like total warmth on every part of your body for five minutes.  I wake up every morning to the sound of my housemate urinating. My bed is separated from the loo but a rather skimpy wall and as such I can hear every drop. It's probably just me being a moody git but it really does not start my day well, in fact it pisses me right off. Every morning, I am woken up by people outside yelling on 3 separate occasions at 5 minute increments. I then put on my clothes, put a hat on and walk outside. I then stand straight up with my hands by my side, trying not to move, for about a minute before I can go about the rest of my day. Once my alarm goes off after the third time of hitting snooze, I typically roll over and play some music or watch something on Netflix while I make the decision to either go to school or stay home.  I get up, pour a huge bowl of cereal, and watch morning tv in my underwear.

I'm a very normal 29 year old man.  I just enjoy feeling like my younger self. [My answer from 5 days ago.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1nl2bk/what_are_some_odd_routines_you_have_after_waking/ccjq7ds) This only happens when I'm woken up abruptly, but apparently in my dreams I have songs stuck in my head because I wake up humming/singing them.
I can't tell you how many times I've woken up to [You spin me round](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB3lcoERVhI)

This week has been a lot of Sean Paul...including [Temperature](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjPl0O0jkgk), and [Give It Up to Me ](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Odhk4uqBd9M)
My girlfriend finds it fun because she'll wake up and be like, "Holy shit, haven't heard that song in YEARS!" and then she listens to it on her way to school. I get up early so after I shower I can l lie down naked and browse reddit for 15 minutes. Stare at myself, expressionless, in the mirror and contemplate how I am going to survive the misery that is work while I brush my teeth. I clean up dog pee and poop while I wait for my coffee to be ready. :( I utter 'lame' most mornings as my alarm goes off and I madly slap at the off button then stare at myself in the mirror until all the neurons in my brain are firing properly. I play 2 or 3 games of League of Legends before I go to work. I walk into the garage (which btw is FREEZING COLD in the winter and the winter without a coat until I wake up. I mean, Last year we kept frozen meat in the garage without a freezer because it was so cold and it didn't even snow last year.) *shiver* Then I have to go let the hens out before they get angry for either: not letting them out the minute the sun goes up or that their food is still locked up and they have to *GASP* heaven forbid WAIT for me to open up their food pen. I brush my teeth in the shower because well...you ever get toothpaste on a work shirt? It doesnt look good after drying the attempted cleanup. Watching spoony videos to wake myself up I set 10 alarms starting at 7 am and then following every 15 minutes, and sleep through all but the last one. I took my dog to my brother's place one morning in the bed of my truck. She absolutely loved it. Now every morning when I take her out to the yard she goes right for the bed of the truck and won't let up about it, so I usually have my morning coffee/cigarette combo listening to radio news and doing a few laps around the block with the pooch unless I'm running late. The ups and downs of my long hair.

It's to my belly button. I can never figure out what I want to do with it even if I have no where to go. I put it up. I put it down. Ponytail. Bun. What should I do with my bangs? Damn knots. Now I'll brush it. Damn it, now it looks frizzy. Okay, now it looks better. Should I wear it to the side or on both sides? This will have to do.

That's pretty much the process. I do a couple of chess puzzles (from chess.com app on my phone) first thing in the morning. This activates my mind, and removes all grogginess.

 Every morning i login and check my attendance to see if I have enough points to call in sick. the weird part is how short it is. I wake up at 5:50 and by 5:59 am I am in my car. I eat breakfast real quick which is usually tea with cereal (yes tea not milk). 4 mins to get dressed 5 mins to eat and I am in my car. I brush my teeth once I am at work. I have to count to 60 before I can get out of the shower. Watching my husband wash his face, put on my moisturizer, and say "because I'm worth it!" Shower, return to bed to snuggle for a few more minutes with stinky pitbull. [He's just too cute to resist](http://imgur.com/CupNWkC) We shut all of our doors, put a baby gate up at the top of the stairs leading to our basement, remove our pillows from our couch and lock them in our room.... then we place a kitchen dining chair on our couch, and a barstool across my husband's chair. Sometimes, it is even necessary to place kitchen chairs (or other items) strategically around our kitchen and living room to block baseboards..... Yes, I am bat-shit crazy- however, I also have a German-Shepard-Great Dane mix who is an asshole. She has successfully removed and tore to shreds two entire sheet sets and pillows from our made bed, ruined 2 couch pillows, eaten sections of our baseboard right off the wall in at least 3 places, and also thoroughly believes she only weighs 20 pounds and every piece of furniture is her bed.    shit for 15 minutes while I read the news. You just can't rush that, and if you do, you could blow an O ring.  TIL everyone has a cat. Reddit is my mornig, midday, afternoon, evening and night ritual.
I also eat it for dessert.. with my eyes. One of my cats Zenon (kitty of the 21st century!!!) will wait eagerly at the top of my steps until I get done with my morning bathroom activities. She was will cry and cry til I get to the steps and put my hand on the railing. She then proceeds to pounce at my hand repeatedly as I travel down the steps. She gets do excited about your hand sliding on the railing. Every single morning without failure. Sometimes when I get to the bottom she will race back up to the top and if I'm feeling playful ill run back up with her and do it all again. She doesn't know how good she has it! I do this weird thing where I set my alarm like an hour before I need to wake up with additional alarm going off every minute if I keep pressing the snooze button. I repeat this for about an hour, and fall asleep once my phone "gives up" trying to wake me. Basically I wake up 30 min late every morning... I will never learn. Wake up and sit on the bathroom counter top with my feet in the sink and the faucet spewing warm water.  My mornings begin at 1:00am so there's that.  Try to convince myself I don't actually need to shave or shower. I wake up at 7:45 and the first thing I do is find a new flick on Xvideos to fap to. Splash some water in my face if I don't I feel really tired all day I devour an absurd amount of tuna for breakfast most mornings Cholemia Bejel (sounds pretty and exotic, but it's actually endemic syphili) Ignoring the Jehovah's witnesses at my front door.  They actually stood there waiting as I took off for work.  Was telling them I'm late and don't have time.  "Are you sure you don't have a few minutes to discuss why there is so much suffering in world?"  Nope, bye! First thing I do is an equivalent number of pushups as my current age in years.  I can do more if I feel good, but NEVER less than my age. Right after turning off the alarm on my phone, I reach out on the bedside drawer and take out a pair of sucks to wear. I walk away towards the bathroom half asleep and wash up/brush my teeth and pee with the lights off!

I do this everyday except on weekends!  Wake up and take the biggest shit ever feels so good also I'm awake by then Every day in the shower I write my name in the water droplets on the shower curtain.  Wake up to one of my seven alarms, snooze.
Snooze again and again. It's now 7:15, time to get up and ready. Hop up really quickly. Go take a shower. While in the shower, brush my teeth. Dry hair. Throw clothes on.
BAM.
It's like that every morning I have to be somewhere important.
On the days I'm free, I wake up early on my own accord, get pissed off, then go back to sleep. Wake up around 2:00pm. Get pissed off that I slept so damn long.
Repeat every week.  Every morning I wake up to the titanic theme. Makes me want to punch jack in the face for not getting on the damn door to be saved. But noooooooo xD. When I was a kid and watched it I was yelling at my parents about it while they were all crying.  I screamed saying why is he not getting on with her.  He would of lived!   After the mythbusterd made the episode I showed it to my grandmother and she's yelling at me still for thinking it could be done.   WTH!   As a 8 year old that thought of that I'm shocked that I'm still apart of my family xd. So yea.   Every morning this moment it life replays in my head.  Just thinking. Hmmm.  He could of lived.    Jerking off in the shower. That will be the high point of my day. It's all down hill from there. I work nights so I'm always up between 9am and Noon. The first thing I do when I wake up is judge the time by the sunlight coming through the window. I'm very accurate.

Then I go ponder my dreams in the shower. Stopping political arguments between my mother and my grandpa. I have to put my left boot on, tie the laces and straighten me pant leg before I put on my right. No idea why. cursing the gods of the olympus It's not what I do, but my boyfriend does. Every morning he wakes up, goes to the bathroom, and hip thrusts in the mirror for about 5 minutes. He just shakes his junk around and then goes shower. 

The first time he told me he does this, I thought he was joking. No, no he wasn't.  today I managed to put my shoes on the correct feet! but the pair didn't match :( This morning it was being startled awake by my hair straighteners exploding. 

On the regular, it's dancing to RuPaul while doing my make-up and brushing my teeth before I get dressed. Quiet. I need to have at least 15 minutes of absolute quiet where I can gather my thoughts and prepare for the day. No t.v., no phone, no e-mail, no conversation, just quiet. scratch my balls vigorously while i stare at my self half asleep in the bathroom mirror. I do squats while I brush my teeth.   My morning ritual is a fucking ADD-ridden mess. I'd wake up 30 mins earlier, just to fumble around forgetting what I was supposed to get with me today. As soon as my alarm goes off I play Candy Crush until I am awake enough to get out of bed. Cover my eyes with a washcloth and lie back for a bit in the shower, nap with the ambient water noise for about 5-10 minutes tops, it may be shorter, but it feels like about that timeframe.  Then turn the water to as cold as possible to wake me up the rest of the way.  Makes me feel pretty decent-ish, I'm not a morning person, but something about that little habit helps me. Set my snooze off three times, It takes three snoozes to actually wake me up. Those three repeated 5 minute naps really does wonders. When I have to sacrifice a sheep to the snake god, Glycon. Probably the turd I waffle stomp down the shower drain. I started oil pulling... it's real weird I wake up to the lights and fans clicking on in my grow room each morning. works as my alarm as well as my space heater! Sometimes I wake up about 2 hours before I really need to get up so I can pee. I then go right back to sleep. If I don't do this I usually wake up about 5 minutes before my alarm goes off.  Browse Reddit to see what's new on the Internet.

*I might have a problem...* I stay in be for an extra hour on reddit on my iPod. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQIr0fT5UNc Coffee enima I usually lie there and snuggle with my body pillow. I hate waking up alone. I watch an episode of Bill Nye before I head off to work. I like to remember the good ol days. not really that weird but every morning after my shower I rap naked to beastie boys - no sleep till brooklyn  I've been having trouble getting up on time recently.  So lately, as soon as I hear my alarm ring, I yell "FOR ARSTOTZKA!"and it gives me the motivation to jump out of bed. scrub my lips with a tooth brush. For softness ;) My SO and I always set the 30 minutes before we have to get up, so we can roll over and cuddle a bit before going to work. Even if neither of us has to get up at a particular time we just set an alarm so we can wake up, cuddle and then fall back asleep  I set my alarm ten minutes early so my husband can press the snooze button and spoon me. I don't go completely back to sleep, but everyday feels like a saturday even if just for ten minutes. Also, cuddling is a good way to start any day. Flipping my boner up against my stomach so it isn't painfully pressing into the mattress at a weird angle. First I go to the dark corner of my duplex, and I sit on a piece of rubber which has been molded to the shape of buttcheeks. On this rubber platform I slide back and forth rigorously while yanking a 10 inch pole. I yank this pole in a smooth and concentrated motion, with increasing vigor. The pole is attached to a chain, which spins a fan blade. After about 15 minutes of this I collapse in exhaustion. Then I jack off, shower, dress and go to work. One of my dogs doesn't bark so much as scream in excitement. She's excited a large portion of the day and at her peak of insanity as soon as she knows we're waking up. So as I open the bedroom door I yell GO GO GO!!!! so that she'll scream bloody murder down the stairs into the kitchen while I'm laughing my ass off.

Thank god I live alone. These days I guess it's unusual to make breakfast every day. Two eggs, two bacon, bagel with cream cheese, and coffee. 

Every day.  Set my alarm 1 hour before I need to wake up. It lets me hit snooze several times which is what I love about sleeping in.  I brush my teeth in the shower. I thought this was completely normal until every roommate I've ever had told this was weird, but make sense. I wake up, pick up my phone, type 'good morning beautiful' then delete it because I remembered my SO dumped me. Yep, every day since we broke up. Lip-syncing to Circle Of Life while majestically opening the curtains. Not  masturbating I text a smiley when i'm finished getting dressed The morning leg stretch that turns into a violent shaking spasm and scares the bejeezuz out of the cat. Ear and nose hair - It sucks getting old. I stand up, stretch my hands upwards and into my ceiling fan. Sucks to be tall(ish) I brush my teeth in the shower.



WHILE PEEING.



Super multitasker here. Not pulling the trigger. Wake up at 5am, turn on the shower and then sleep on the floor outside of my shower for about an hour or so. The water bill is outrageous but I can't stop!!! I usually bring a blanket now and use towels for pillows.  I do one major chore each morning (not just tidy, but cleaning shower walls, mopping kitchen floor, etc..). I have this fear of doing housework after work. Its a problem because it does affect what time I leave the house, and how I look in the morning. I forgo makeup and arrive to work with wet hair, because everything else is back burner to my chores. Meditation feels great to start the day. Then I make breakfast and watch Boomerang. Captain Planet from 6-6:30 am, then Tom &amp; Jerry is on from 6:30-7. I immediately take a shit on the toilet and check reddit. I've been smoking cigarettes for about 7 years now...i like the 15 min of hacking up phlegm.  My dad who's smoked for 40 years...no hacking at all. Managing to get out of bed on time. Usually I don't eat. Breakfast sucks. When I wake up I always hear [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTo0uVz6mTM) in my head.

No idea why. im at school sunday to friday but i start off my dorm room school mornings by literally crawling out of bed, getting my pants halfway on and then pissing in the sink. 

Only then, can i splash water all over my sink, get my clothes on and get some breakfast the school cafeteria. 


My reason for pissing in the sink? My room is an old 4x3 square meter room, with a sink, two beds (i were supposed to have a roomie, but dont anymore) and a closet. The toilet is about 10 meters away, and its too much for me in the morning with the cold floor noisy creeking doors etc. Other rooms have been recently renovated and are much nicer. The rooms in the new buildings even got their own toilet and shower, so i guess its kind of a protest only i get to see.

 If I work at 6am for example I wake up at 4:21 am. I take a shower then contemplate how terrible or tired I feel. If all systems are a go.. I sit and relax. Enjoy my morning.

Otherwise I'll sleep for ten minutes extra.

I wake up extra early in case I need to go back to bed  That it doesn't take place during the morning If I've got the time and the cat's up for it then I like to make the cat walk up and down my sleeping boyfriend and harass him with face pats. 

My boyfriend doesn't wake until 2hrs after me but he can't get annoyed with cutey kitkat. 

Mainly this treachery is done with the standard cat kissing noise and promises of cat head scritches. Boyfriend is rewarded for his part in my fun with one small nose kiss.  When my boss calls to say I'm late when I was in high school I would listen to Dream Police by Cheap Trick every single morning after I got out of the shower. I was never crazy about that song and I don't know why I did it but the morning never seemed right it I didn't hear it.  I do the dishes in the morning.... I wake up in time to get ready, instead I lie in bed and fight the urge to cry of tiredness. When it's 20 mins left before I have to go, I get up. (I'm a girl, I use make up and I fix my hair) The stress wakes a fucking ninja in me.  I hit the weight aka scale.  I rap Notorious BIG songs. When I finally get out of bed and go to take a shower, I leave the bathroom lights off, turn the hot water on, lay down on the rug, and go back to sleep for ten minutes, using my towel as a blanket. It helps finalize my night's rest, and from there I can proceed with my day.  I set two alarms with a 10 min gap in-between. My desire for sleep is so strong sometimes that I usually turn off the first one unknowingly.  Drinking orange juice in the shower :) I put the cat in the sink and turn the water on a little dribble so she can drink water while I'm in the shower.

When I'm done, I use a little towel to dry off her head and feet. She then runs up on my bed and purrs until I turn the computer on and sit in my chair. Every morning, without fail. I turn around in my bed, grab my stereo remore, and turn on some loud Metal. Good music + waking up faster = win/win I usually shit in the shower every morning. I wake my gf up when my alarm goes off, because I'm jealous she gets to sleep in 2 hours later than me. 

The key, is to wake her up all lovingly, kissing her, cuddling with her, stroking her face, etc. She wakes up all d'awwww ing. 

But secretly, I'm like, wake up bitch! If I don't get to sleep in, no one does! AHAHAHAHA! Then I usually try to let a fart out, so it's harder for her to fall back asleep, due to the sheer noise, vibration through the bed, or worst of all, he smell.  Wake up at 6:30, take a shower, go back to bed until 7:30. Combing my eyebrows with my toothbrush after rinsing out my toothbrush after using my toothbrush. Combing my eyebrows with my toothbrush after rinsing out my toothbrush after using my toothbrush. I'll sometime get up like 2 hours early so I can play a video game, or take a bike ride, I'm always too tired in the evening. I have to masturbate to Brooklyn Decker. This has been going on for 2.5 years now without missing a single day. Every morning I slip out of this hallucinogenic temporary coma and regain control of my body.  It's a little weird. I live at college right now.  Every morning, around 6:25 AM, I go to the showers to (surprise) take a shower.  There's always water collecting in the soap dish or whatever that little ledge is called and I make a point of wiping it out after I'm done for some reason or another. Wake up. Stumble through my house hitting everything in my path with my eyes half closed, I go take a shower. I put the water on its hottest possible heat and while it is warming up I take a piss. Then I hop in. After like 30 seconds my legs get tired and I will lay down and literally fall asleep in the shower. My "alarm" to wake up out of my shower nap is when there is so much steam I can barely breathe. Most mornings I make coffee and my husband and I drink it in bed while we reddit. Our bedroom is disproportionately big to the rest of our house and has the best lighting. 

Now we have a baby and he also seems to be happiest in our bed in the morning.

I imagine this will be weird as our family grows and there's two teenagers drinking coffee on their phones with us in bed. My fiancé likes to spoon when we sleep, that's how he likes to cuddle and is the only way he can sleep.
So in the morning when we're both up, I get to cuddle the way I like which is is essentially climbing all over him because I'm petite and he's rather tall. He just lays there while I attempt to wrap myself around him and burrow into his armpit for a good twenty minutes.
He must really love me haha. I brush my wet hair back to look like that zebra queef, Scott, from the Kardashians.  I have to shower with Jamaican carbolic soap..the smell of it gets me going for t he day. Strange I know. 
 I shower in the morning. Half way through, I sit down to shampoo. So whenever I comb my hair in the bathroom, my cat jumps onto the sink vanity and demands to be brushed.  Sometimes I'm lucky and he gives me a hug (He reaches up with his two front paws on my shoulder and rubs his face against mine) Pick up dog poop while wearing my pj's.
The dog always needs to poop in the morning, so I'm blessed with having to hold dog poop every morning. Jerking off.  Lots of guys do it but not many do it like 4-5 times. when I pee in the morning, I always face the tank, cross my arms, and rest my head for a few minutes... all with the lights off Going to bed. After I turn off the shower, I have to swipe my foot through the small deluge of stored water that come out of the faucet. Every time. It's weird. ITT: regular, boring, not-weird rituals It takes me less than 15 minutes to get ready and eat breakfast but I wake up an hour and 15 minutes before I need to leave. I poop twice within 30 minutes ever morning. Once when I get up and right before I'm about to eat. I make coffee as soon as I arrive at work. The same kind, Hazelnut Green mountain or something. I put about a 1/4 cup of french vanilla creamer in it.
Then I sit down at my desk and ignore it for the rest of the day.

I just really like the routine of making coffee at work. After my morning shower, I always read reddit on my phone while drinking my coffee.  I pee in the shower no matter what.  Like I know going into the shower that it's where I am going to pee even though the toilet is right there.  It saves me a flush and makes peeing with the morning boner a lot easier.  I always aim for, and usually hit, the drain but it is still just like the thing I do.  I get up 5 minutes early to make time for hairbrush karaoke/air guitar. This morning was "Talk Dirty to Me" by Poison. Pee directly into the shower after turning the water on while scratching / tickling my back with my right hand. Arm over the shoulder and behind the head, and oddly I'm pretty sure it's always in the same spot too. Spend 2 minuets in bed forcing myself to smile at the ceiling. 

They say if force yourself to smile your brain thinks your happy and starts making you feel happy. Thus motivating me to wake up and take on the day.


Works up until I leave my driveway. I juggle for a few minutes, usually while my oatmeal is cooking or my toast is toasting. It really helps wake up my brain I used to wake up an hour and a half early just so I could watch like three episodes of Scrubs before school. I had to stop because I wasn't getting enough sleep. Wake, shower, dry, put on pants I'm going to wear that day, then cook breakfast...shirtless, always. It feels really good to have the air hitting your post showered torso, or maybe I'm just weird. I don't put a shirt on till right before I leave my apartment. The fact my "morning ritual" starts at 3pm and I don't go to work til towards the end of my day. Shift work FTW. I have to do my routine in order or it just screws everything else's up I get up an hour earlier just to sit on the couch, drink a fresh coffee and wake up slowly. Totally worth it, reddit.  I don't know if this is 'weird', but I set my alarm in 5 minute increments between 5:00 and 6:00. That way, I wake up, fall almost asleep, wake up, fall almost asleep, each time waking up a little more, until I'm fully awake before 6:00. I immediately go to the bathroom and splash ice cold water on my face.

I can't wake up if I don't do this every morning. not weird but the fart while you piss.....it's niiiiiiice Well my arms are usually numb when I wake up, so I'll stand up and start gyrating my torso like I'm using a hool a hoop so my arms flail around and blood gets back into them.  Always took the phrase "i put my pants on one leg at a time like everyone else" too literal when I was younger so I started putting my pants on with both legs at the same time. I used to set the clock in my room an hour ahead, so when I woke up at say, 7:00, the clock read 8:00 and I felt like id slept longer....it also somewhat tricked me into going to bed earlier the night before...win/win I wake up and get out of bed instantly. I feel like lying in bed after I wake up always puts my day off to a bad start. Then, I go to the kitchen and step in dog pee because my goddamn roommate never takes her pomeranian outside, so it pisses in the same spot next to the garbage. Every single morning. 

I rinse off my foot, passive-aggressively throw a paper towel over the pee (so that my roommate sees that I saw it and refused to clean it up), and I boil some water and grind some coffee beans. I have a french press, so I make my french press coffee, drink it, and walk to work or class with a smile on my face. Bowing down to an altar of gods.  Piss in the shower every single time for the past 3 years :( every morning no more than 40 seconds after i put my mascara on i sneeze. there's nothing i can do to prevent it.  Reddit I put my pentacle in my left breast pocket, give thanks to the gods and ask for their protection.

My family and employer must never know.  Have long arguments with myself in the shower, to the point of explaining myself...to myself. I check on all my kids, then go outside to check my backyard for zombies or drunk Arabs. My neighbor constantly throws parties, at the very least they are not loud, but this year alone i'v found 5 drunk arabs on my lawn. Picking my teeth of more than 5 minutes because I wear braces.

Nobody wants to see a toothy spinach grin. I drink tea on my back porch and pull out two chairs, one for me and one for the girlfriend I have never had. It is symbolic. When I get in my car right as I'm about to leave for work, I always have this running monologue to myself, that is usually in the form of some cheesy pep talk. My voice in my head always sounds like Jimmy Stewart during this time. I don't remember how or when that started.  waking up at 4:30am to my pug hitting me in the face with his paw and then spewing his snot on me because he wants to be fed. Then feeding him and my beagle and going back to bed, only to have to get up again because beagle wants to go potty outside. I take him outside and then lay on the floor in front of the back door. This will probably get buried, but whatever. When I wake up, I immediately walk into my bathroom to pee. Then I get into the shower. Only after I've showered do I flush the toilet. I have no idea why I do this. When I measure out my coffee I have to put in a smidgeon more.But it always tastes bitter,probably from the extra coffee.I can't stop putting in the extra amount.  I take a shower in the mornings so when im drying myself up its cold as hell and i just want to stay warm in my towel. So I have to tell myself to stop being a little bitch and dry myself up. I also say that when i need to get up.

Does anyone when they wake up do this weird bowing thingy? Its like you sit up then you face plant your bed so your face is on the bed and your butt is in the air but your also kinda kneeling. An you just stay like that for a couple minutes. Its comfterble. I take off my pjs so that I'm in my underwear, and then I turn on my blow dryer and place it on my bed to warm me up.  I say good morning to the poster on the back of my bedroom door. Masturbate until I have barely enough time left to get ready and catch the bus, then curse myself for giving in to my penis urge. Curse you penis! I have an elongated yawn that turns into "YAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWSSSSSSSHIT"
 I go to sleep...
I work at night =) Wake up startled.    
Glance around dazed and confused  
Hear my mother stomping towards my room.  
Quickly turn off the alarm clock.  
Dress as quickly as I can.  
Throw on some deodorant (time permitting).  
Flee out the back door in a panic.  
Sneak in the front door for coffee.  
Make a frantic dash to my carpool. Trying to sneak to the bathroom without my mom noticing my "morning wood". I also sleep in boxers so its more noticeable. During first 10 mins of me being out of bed i tend to make unusual, quite sounds. Its almost like a grunt or a moan. Its like im hurt from being up so early. My parents use tell me to stop and i didnt even know i was making any noise  Am I the only one who masturbates? I have to piss every morning, and to do that, I need to get rid of my morning wood.
Punching my dick repeatedly is my morning ritual, and I love every minute of it. I wake up at 2pm. 
Unemployment is so great... Besides trying to avoid that the cat claws at my dangling balls, the first things I do is put on my pc and read the news. I can't even have coffee before my pc is on. First off, get awake with 7 alarms and my phone laying on the floor 5 feet away, so I have to get up everytime it rings. Now close every damn window, cause fuck everything that’s cold in the morning. After turning the shower on at the maximum temperature, to get the hot steam everywhere in my apartment, I get my bathrope, a cigarette and go for the morning piss. Sit in the hot steam, pissing in a bathrope, smoking and wondering every morning why im late to work… This thread is fun, the further you scroll down the more obvious the bullshit becomes.
 
Try harder I get baked Wake up. Check reddit on my phone like the morning paper. Roll out of bed and bathroom. Nothing else happenw until I brush my fucking teeth. Then I make coffee. If it's the weekend, I then rip the bong.  I have a vaporizer sitting next to my toilet and I always get high and bump some tunes while im doing my morning shit Smoke a dooby with my coffee.  I wake up around 7AM, stretch, and go to the bathroom for a piss. Go downstairs to the kitchen and grab a large mason jar (approximately 24oz), four or five ice cubes and the rest filled with water. I drain the glass in a few minutes, while the coffee finishes brewing (it's on a automatic timer). Pour myself a mug, with a touch of creme and a dab of honey and its off to the bathroom again for my tinker-stinker-coffee drinker. Whilst I shit, I am usually redditing or reading from the bathroom book "How Things Work" and drinking my coffee. After that, I go back downstairs for a second glass of water, then its a quick work out. I stretch, do two sets of 40 push ups, jump rope for 20-30 minutes, then do another double set of push-ups. Then its juice, water, and coffee and breakfast which can range from cereal and toast, to fruit, to a massive three course breakfast depending on my schedule. I finish up with a shower and bam! Off to work Smoke a blunt full of hash Getting stoned to the bone Grab a wrinkled dress shirt from the floor, laundry basket, or back of a chair. Is it clean? Who knows, as long as it doesn't smell. Run a towel under the faucet for about five seconds. Throw towel and shirt into dryer, high heat. Shower, shave, dress, grab wrinkle-free shirt on my way out of the house. Every fucking morning. I, *literally* can't even manage to get dressed like an adult, god knows how I manage to pay bills and obtain food, etc. If it's my morning to wake up with the kids... It typically starts off with my morning scream of terror at what my life has become. Then I usually make coffee and breakfast for the 3 locusts that are supposedly my children. I'll make sure the the two older boys get off to school ok with lunches and homework... and then settle the little one on our bed, next to his passed out mother (she's a heavy drinker) to watch Bubble Guppies or Team Umizoomi.

Then I'll wander around the house looking at the fucking disaster area and think "someone should clean this place up, the 2 week old apple slices and wheat bread balls in the couch are starting to smell bad... and what is that oozing out of my brand new BluRay player?". I'll usually step on a couple of legos or one of the hundreds of action figures that litter every room in our house. Then I'll curl up in a corner and have a good cry... you know the body wracking sobs that come when you realize "This is my life and there's nothing I can do about it"?

Eventually I'll stroll out to the office (I work from home and my office is in a Tough Shed, leaky roof and all). Then I read my emails for the morning. Bust my ass until about 2:00 PM when the funk settles back in... I'll fight it off by browsing Reddit for a while.

If it's my wife's morning to get the kids off to school, I'll usually kick her until she ambles out of bed in a gin soaked stupor... Then wake up when I absolutely have to go get some work done. Singin' in the shower, until the neighbors knock on the wall yelling "STOP SINGING ASSHOLE!". Apparently their bedroom is right next to my shower. It makes it much funnier :) definatly Reddit to drown in pussy!!!! lol Every single morning I get up, have a coffee and do my make up...whole watching old Seinfeld episodes. I watch one every single morning and my morning ritual takes the exact same time as one episode. When u get to the end of the last season I go back to season one and start over.... Pacific rim job The Good, the Bad and the Ugly Duckling Home Alone Masterbating Snakes on an Inclined Plane. Pillow Fight Club Unconfortable silence of the lambs Kindergarten cop killer  Schindler's Shopping List

The Shoe Shining

Batman Begins Again

Up Yours There Will Be Period Blood. Pile Driving Miss Daisy Lord of the cock rings Minority Book Report. The Naughty Little Mermaid Sex Toy Story Edward safety-scissor hands Glory Hole Road Up Yours The Employment Terminator Gravity Bong

"Explorer's been hit! Explorer's been hit!"  
"What do we do know Captain George?"  
"Only one thing *to* do Captain Sandra."

The rest of the movie is just them hotboxing inside their space suits, with Houston patching in some Bob Marley jams. Who'd have thought Alfonso Cuaron's magnum opus would be an out of this world stoner comedy? Sexual Predator Full metal jean jacket Men in Black Men
 Field of Wet Dreams Gone in sixty *Bajillion* seconds Three Men and a Dead Baby - is my favorite one Ricky Gervais came up with on his Twitter 3 days ago... Lebron James and the Giant Peach Gone With The Wind Chimes American Pie fight. Patton Oswald Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Starfish Factory Orange Pulp Fiction The Spiral Notebook There Will Be Blood Oranges Lap Dances with Wolves Thor anuth.
 The Nookie Rookie Not Saving Private Ryan

Up Yours

This is Not the End

Adult Toy Story


After reading these I feel very not creative.
 *Oakland Raiders of the Lost Ark* The passion fruit of the christ  Fight Club Diaries Superman: Man boobs of steel. Lost in Translation Class Software Pirates of the Caribbean

Wall-E Wood

Never Finding Nemo

Mission Impossible: Ghost Busters Protocal

Swordfish cooking

The Lazy Town

Underworld Rude Awakening

Not Wanted

Ghost in the Turtle Shell

Ninja Scroll Wheel

Do Not Get the Gringo

Carrie...Fisher

The Grey Barn

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Her Secrets

We're Not The Millers

Captain Phillips Sparrow

Cloudy with a 60% chance of Meatballs

Ender's Got Game

Batman Never Returns

Batman and Robin Hood

Batman Forever and Ever

The Dark Knight Always Rises

Reign of Fire Ants

Batman Halloween Mask of the Phantasm

House of Ear Wax

Shaved Spaceballs

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Ants

Harry Potter and the Alcoholic Half-Blood Prince

Harry Potter and the Fast-food Order of the Phoenix

Jedi Police Academy

 Space Blue Balls Ben-Hur Over
Senior Citizen Kane
The African Drag Queen
Batman Begins Twerking The Boy Band in Striped Pajamas

The Girl with the Henna Dragon Tattoo.

A Requiem For A Wet Dream

I Am Heat Legend

EDIT:

Dumpster Baby Geniuses

Iron Supplement Giant

Pox Scarface

MAGIC EDIT:

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Kidney Stone

Harry Potter and the Chamber Pot of Secrets *(not mine)*

Harry Potter and the Political Prisoner of Azkaban

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Water

Harry Potter and the Amazon Order of the Phoenix

Harry Potter and the Anemic Half-Blood Prince

Harry Potter and the Nearly Deathly Hallows

SERIAL EDIT:

Charley Manson and the Chocolate Factory

Jack the Ripper, Giant Slayer Obligatory:
How to kill a mockingbird Mystic River Dance The Retarded Godfather. Jumpin' Jack Reacher The Dark Nightlight Rush Limbaugh The Bank Blow Job Ted Cruz Period Blood Diamond This was asked only yesterday and had the same answers.. deja vu? Hot Peach Fuzz Before The Day After Tomorrow The Pinball Wizard of Oz The annual Texas chain massacre
 Captain South America Movie star wars Passion of Craig Christ. Star Baby Wars Pink Rocky Baby Scarface Anal Inception A Clockwork Orange Christmas  A Bug's Sex Life Batman Begins Pooping Limitless Dongs The Shawshank Coupon Redemption The Nice Dictator

Like he wouldn't sentence basically everyone to death. And that would suck. mumma's snatch Porn star wars Rambo: (First Menstrual) Blood

(Chocolate) Rain Man

The (Disco) Godfather (This is actually a real movie title, I think) What *Wet* Dreams May Come. Dawn of the Dead Tired Pepto Memento Rectal Exam Behind Enemy Clotheslines Sherwood Forrest Gump

Tombstone Pizza

Saving As Private Ryan Adorable Million Dollar Baby The Captive Fugitive Robin in the Hood Lord of the Cock Rings. Any of the movies... Alternatively, Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Cock Ring. Requiem for a Wet Dream Superman: Man boobs of steel. Oakland Raiders of the Lost Ark

The Bridge Tournament On The River Kwai

The Big/Tall Lebowski

African-American Queen

The Ghost and Mr. Chicken Fucker

Clash of the Titans Accessories

All The Right Bowel Moves

This Is A Spinal Tap The wizard of freaking Oz In fuckin' Bruges. Harry potter and the prisoner rapist of azkaban

Stop finding nemo

Going commando 

 Porn Star Wars. ...sucks Harry Potter and the Slutty Chamber of Secrets The Matrix Reloaded. Like, really? Who would make a sequel to that awesome movie? where the red fern grows The short story, The Lottery, by Shirley Jackson. I read it fairly early in school and the joy everyone took in the lottery(no spoilers) was too much. Night by Elie Wiesel. I felt defeated and cried hard when I finished that book.  Thank goodness they let us take the book home to finish reading it. Tuck Everlasting. Been having an existential crisis ever since. 5th grade is too young to question your mortality. Bridge to Terabithia was devastating. [All Summer in a Day](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Summer_in_a_Day) by Ray Bradbury.

It's about a group of children who live on Venus, where it rains continually. The sun only comes out for a day once every 7 years, and it's a BFD, and it's gonna happen today! One little girl was born on earth and her family moved to venus when she was like 3 or something. She tells the other kids she remembers what the sun's like and they tell her she's full of shit. They lock her in a closet and all go play in the sunshine without her. Then it starts raining again, and they let her out. The end.

WHAT. THE. FUCK. I lost my hope in humanity when I read this story. A Child Called IT. Not as child friendly as I thought the title suggested. Lord of the Flies. Teachers thought it was a good idea to have third graders read it. 1984 . Oh god, that torture scene. Thanks for showing me the fragility of human bonds before I had the chance to make any meaningful ones, George Orwell. The Giver. The Lovely Bones. I read it in 6th grade. Bad idea.  Not a book but Flowers for Algernon fucked with me for months.  Go Ask Alice Wrinkle in Time really messed with my sense of reality. Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark. Man, those illustrations were terrifying. I think I had SSTTITD-based nightmares until, oh, age...22? 23? The Phantom Tollbooth. I read to it so many times because I wanted that shit to be *real*. [On My Honor]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_My_Honor)

Kids ride their bike to the state park, they have a swim race, one drowns, one just rides home and waits hours to tell his dad. Little match stick girl. 
 The Scarlet Ibis, I cried man, poor doodle :( [Tailypo.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tailypo) The cover made it look all adorable and harmless, but the story and the pictures on the inside fueled my nightmares for years.
[Picture of the Cover](http://images.betterworldbooks.com/039/The-Tailypo-9780395300848.jpg) Where the Red Fern Grows, Old Yeller, Sounder, A Child Called it, House of Stairs, Under the Moon Bridge (?)   I was an avid reader and I seemed to gravitate to the books that I read with this face :O Of Mice and Men.  The summer I was 11, my mom got tired of me finishing all of my books within two days of going to the library and whining to go back, so she grabbed a few books off of her shelf that she thought would be ok for me.

I still blubber if I think about it. [*A Taste of Blackberries*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Taste_of_Blackberries). Teacher read that in 2nd grade. Kid in the book dies from a bee-sting and one conversation in the book is essentially "You can die from a single bee sting if you're allergic and you won't even know until you get stung." I have noped at the sight/sound of bees ever since. Where the Red Fern Grows...I will always remember the part where that other kid tripped while he was holding the ax. Yeah. The description of that event was traumatic for my 5th grade mind. That and the dog's entrails hanging out and getting caught on things. Disturbing.  Lord of the Flies. I had to hold in the urge to tell my English teacher I don't give a shit that the conch symbolises justice and morality I'm still crying over Piggy.   I didn't have to read it for a class, but Taggerung by Brian Jacques. That book made me reevaluate my opinion on violence, right and wrong, and good and evil in the world. Of course, I didn't totally get the message until much later, because I read it for the first time when I was 9. Peter pan.

Dude was fucked up. Am I the only one here that read these books in high school and now feel stupid because kids 5-6 years younger than me read the same thing in probably a shorter time. Hatchet turned me into a vegetarian.

It's about a kid whose plane crashes, and he has to survive in the forest. So he often eats fish he catches in the lake. One day, he decides to dive down into the lake to see if he can find the plane, since that's where it crashed (it's a bush plane, like a Cessna or something, only he and the pilot were on board). He finds the plane, and the dead pilot, and he sees that the fish that he's been eating *have been eating the pilot*.

I never liked meat, but after that, I thought of that scene every time I ate meat. Then I started thinking about what it was I was really eating, and the guilt started chewing away at me, and finally I told my mom I didn't want to eat meat anymore. I was eleven.  *The Amber Spyglass*. I don't know if I've been the same since, and it's been over a decade now. Johnny Got his Gun.. yeah messed up Numbering the Stars.... Saddest book I read. Watership Down.  Not as cute as a book about bunnies would have you think.  Still one of my favorites, though.   Julie of the Wolves. I should NOT have been reading that in the 3rd grade. Hatchet terrified me when I read it - I think I was 10?  I can't really put my finger on anything specific...I think it was more along the lines of it making me face some pretty scary realities.  I was 10!  I didn't want to think about pilots dying from heart attacks mid-flight or eventually finding his corpse in the plane after it crashed in the lake. I believe it was called wringer. We read it in the fourth grade. It was about boys twisting birds necks. I will never recover from that. You guys read some fucked up shit in elementary school.  Charlie and the great glass elevator

"S" "C" "R" "A" "M" Technically it was high school, but it was the very beginning of freshman year so I'd say it counts, we read I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. I barely remember that book, but I clearly remember the part where she gets raped. Made me super uncomfortable. 

Also, didn't fuck me up, but one of the bigger WTF stories I read in school was a story by Flannery O'Connor in which a man masquerading as a bible salesman has sex with a girl in her barn and steals her prosthetic leg. 
 I read Lolita in high school, as well as A Clockwork Orange. Beautiful, horrifying books. Of Mice and Men got to me too. My Brother Sam is Dead. The scene in which Sam dies is pretty graphic, and the circumstances leading up to it are pretty effed up... The Outsiders 6th grade teacher suggested I Am the Cheese. Read it. Floored me.  I've never been able to find it again, but a sci-fi short story (asimov? clarke?) where people's careers were chosen for them after a short general schooling and they were put in a machine that instantly trained them for their profession. The story is about one boy who is not chosen for any profession and not given any instant training and feels confused and alienated until he figures out that he has been chosen to be an inventor and they have no instant way of teaching it. The story messed me up because I went through life always preferring to learn the general skills and avoiding learning anything specific - so pure maths, but not applied, principles of programming, but not specific libraries. Turns out that doesn't make for a lucrative career. I'd love to find the story again if anyone knows it. Hatchet. 3rd fricken grade.....why?!  I still remember being herded into the library, sitting in a circle, each of us putting on headphones and listening to the audiobook on cassette.  Rereading it later, I really don't see the point of 3rd graders or really anyone reading that book.  Not saying that it's bad but I just don't see the literary merit.

Other ones that effed me up in middle school:

Freak the Mighty,
The Doll Queen,
Just Lather That's all,
A Day no Pigs Would Die.

That one about the Sled Dog, I can't remember it's name.

 The Kite Runner...  I was crying. "Desperation" by Stephen King Maniac McGee. Dear Mr Henshaw by Beverly Cleary really messed with me because it was one of the first works of art I found that really went into the inner life.  The kid in the book was very sad and lonely, and it really hit home for me.  I think I read it five times.

Also have to mention the tunnel scene in Willy Wonka... just horrible.
 Animorphs It was some random hardback art book in 5th grade. I just grabbed it because I was bored and I flipped through it. That's when I found it: Hieronymus Bosch's [The Garden of Earthly Delights]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Garden_of_Earthly_Delights). Specifically, the right side of the triptych got me transfixed. 

I thought this depiction of hell was amazing and so sexually arousing. I liked the man with the flute up his butt. A lot of people had things up their butt and it turned me on. I didn't really know why it turned me on so much. 

Not long after, I started inserting things into my butt. First it was an alien ball keychain and it went on from there. When I was 18 I bought my first anal beads. A few years later I bought a dragon dildo. Now I have two of those. 

tl;dr: I'm a straight male that likes to put things up my butt because I flipped through an art book in the 5th grade. [Struwwelpeter](http://www.gutenberg.org/files/12116/12116-h/images/018-1.jpg). Written with the intention of destroying childhood innocence. Probably. If you guys are familiar with the Alex Rider series, you'd know that the seventh book is horrifying.  The villains in the book are going to sell 14 year old Alex's organs.  Keeping him alive until his body can't support itself anymore and taking a bit of blood and plasma with each operation.  They were going to take his eyes first.  I just kept thinking how was he going to cry. I forgot what it was called, but I'll never forget this book, it was about the prince's time as a frog (from the princess and the frog) told from the perspective of a real frog that ends up having children with him. She watches him turn back into a prince and leave her and their tadpole children. First book I ever cried about, oh the feels.  Battle Royale. I thought it was a happy funtime book for kids. 

(This was before the hunger games was a thing)  House of Stairs, for sure:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Stairs_%28William_Sleator_novel%29

&gt;"House of Stairs (1974) is a science fiction novel by William Sleator of orphan teens placed in a House of stairs, similar to the lithograph print by M. C. Escher, which provided the novel's title and setting, in a psychological exploitation of a social dynamics experiment.

&gt;Set in a dystopian America in the near future, the story tells of the experiences of five 16-year-olds who were living in orphanages who wake up to find themselves in a strange building that has no walls, no ceiling, and no floor: nothing but endless flights of stairs leading in every direction, seemingly infinitely, so that it is impossible to get one's bearings or have perspective. On one landing is a basin of running water that serves as a toilet, sink and drinking fountain; on another, a machine with lights that intermittently produces food. The five, thrown together in these bizarre circumstances must learn to deal with the others' disparate personalities, the lack of privacy and comfort, their clear helplessness, and a machine that only feeds them under gradually more exacting situations." For some insane reason, my Middle School library had *Hyperion* available.  

Yeah, something about giant metal vaginas with teeth was just a tad unsettling to my 11 year old self. My mom has books about health laying around the house and when I was younger I picked up a book and opened it. Infected dongs on every fucking page. Bloody dongs, burnt dongs, dongs that were cut very badly, dongs that were rock hard and the weren't even sporting a chub.  The collected Poems of Allan Ginsberg.

As an 8th grader, they were very... interesting.

Also the Clan of the Cave Bear books (particularly the 2nd and onward) were awesome reads for a 13-14 year old boy.

Elementary school: bridge to Terabithia.  I cried so much during that book and I still have no idea why. The Jungle.  The Stranger. That book was depressing and made me realize that life truly is absurd. I'd recommend it.  The Bell Jar. I spent the whole year in a funk after giving a summer reading report on it. Night by Ellie Wiesel Watchmen. It may be a comic, but it is *not for kids.* Not a book, but a short story.  The Lotto.  And yes, I guess the movie was also needed for fifth graders. read American Psycho during middle school silent reading.  we were allowed to read a book of our own choice. I read Great Expectations when I was somewhere around 3rd-5th grade. I don't really remember most of the book. The part at the end though, where the boy goes into this dark room and the old lady is sitting there in her wedding dress and everything is covered in dust and moldy and decaying. That part haunts me to this day. I don't even know what it was about this scene that bothered me so much, but it just hit me really hard. I am still afraid of getting old because of this stupid book. Z is for Zachariah. My 6th grade teacher read the attempted rape scene aloud to us. The whole post-A-bomb story fucked with me for a long time.  Roll of Thunder, Hear my Cry Roll Of Thunder Hear My Cry Johnny the Homicidal Maniac when I was in middle school. Obviously this wasn't school required reading, but yeah. That's some fucked up shit The whipping Boy...some messed up life lessons The Bridge to Terabithia A regular old history textbook in the 4th grade.
[i saw a simple black and white image](http://i.imgur.com/v0IKbdD.jpg) that changed my life. The image was of Lincoln's assassin conspirators hanged. The image seemed so cold to me. I realized that one of those bodies hanging there was a woman. It had never even occurred to me that a woman *could* be executed. And that they were tried and executed by the state in a very sterile and matter-of-fact way.

Part of me died the day I saw that photo. And a new, less forgiving, part of me was born.
 A Day No Pigs Would Die.  Pinky! Mick Harte Was Here. 
I read it when I was six or seven, so it was the first book to really open my eyes up to tragedy (also the first book to make me cry). a corner of the universe by Ann M. Martin, or Flowers for Algernon. Both were so sad that i was depressed for days! My parents had gone out dancing, I was about 12 years old and I went snooping in their bedroom and found a book called "Bondage Babe".  I read it, and it was horrifying yet erotic in my little 12 year old mind.  I have never forgotten it, and it made me look at my parents a little differently for awhile.  I'm over it now, but back then it was a world I had never heard of.  I felt dirty after reading it, but actually snuck and re-read it again after the shock wore off.  I'm a female perv now.   Fade by Robert Cormier.  

I was in sixth grade when I found it on our class bookshelf and thought it looked cool.  I mean, it *was* cool.  The main character, who discovers he can turn invisible, encounters everything from kids getting beat up in the woods to to some girl letting an old dude eat her out for spending money.  The descriptions were graphic, and something about reading the things he discovered gave you a nervous excitement just like him.

It wasn't really traumatizing, per se, but it changed me.  Like I had to read the cunnilingus section a few times before I understood what was happening, my folks hadn't exactly talked to me about what eating a girl out was all about.  Sixth grade was a pivotal year for me. 

     I read "Gerald's Game" in junior high.  Let's just say that there are certain things I won't do to this day because of that book. The Outsiders. *Nothing Gold can Stay* .... The outsiders. Only book to make me shed tears  When I was a really little kid (2nd grade and lower), my mother bought me tons of dinosaur books.  I wanted to be an archaelogist.  We even went ot those dinosaur parks in the midwest where you can see the bones and everything.  I was hooked (like many little kids).

A few years later my mother apparently had some sort of evangelical epifany, and started buying "evolution is a lie" books.  The dinosaur books mostly dissapeared from our house.  She worked very hard to teach me that all modern biology was baloney, and fossils were all lies of the devil.  Radiological dating was all BS as well.  Pretty soon I didn't want anything to do with dionsaurs or biology and hated taking those sorts of classes all the way into college.  Ended up an engineer.   Took me until my 30s to break free of that brainwashing.

I still love my mother, but I don't know if I'll can ever fully forgive her for this.  

Mom, you meant well, but I think I'd rather have been an archaelogist.   I can't say it messed me up, but I read She's Come Undone by Wally Lamb. I've always been a big reader and I found it at my grandmother's house. Not really appropriate for a 10 year old. [Veronika Decides to Die] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veronika_Decides_to_Die) by Paulo Coelho. I almost decided to die after reading it, the book was too disturbing for my 14-year old mind. Not really any one book, but the literary fiction we were forced to read in high school seems to have turned me off enjoying books completely. Before that, I used to read a lot. That shit was some effective aversion therapy though. The Lottery Rose. I'm not sure if anyone else here has read it (someone has to have) but we read that in 7th grade and it really fucked my emotions up big time.  Green Eggs and Ham. *shudders* Smart Alec, My dad says it's the worst book he ever purchased for me. Wringer was an absolute mind fuck. The Moneychangers by Alex Haley.  One of the characters goes to prison and gets his teeth knocked out to make the face rape more enjoyable for his cellmate.  I was in sixth grade and very sheltered.  Helped steer me away from a life of crime, though. "Little Bunny Foo Foo".  The drawing of him as a goon haunted me as a 4 year old.  My siblings would do the two fingered bunny ear motion at me to freak me out.  Seriously, I had nightmares for years. True Chernobyl Diaries, 6th grade, filled with mutation and falling out uteruses. House of Leaves Go Ask Alice. 

One of my mom's friends gave it to me to read while my sister was in and out of trouble due to drugs. When my mom found out, she was furious at her friend. I'm not sure if it helped me understand, or if it helped me understand how horrifying things were (and would continue to be for another decade) or if it just traumatized me further. Go Ask Alice
 I think the title was 10,000 Paper Cranes.
It was really long time ago, so forgive if I am confusing this. It's a about a little Japanese girl slowly dying of Leukemia because of the radiation she receives in utero from the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki. She is trying to make 10,000 origami cranes in order to make a wish that she will get well. As kid who tried to learn all I could about Americans WWII, I suddenly realized that there were other people from other countries horribly affected the war. It messed me up for a while, but really helped me to broaden my view of the world.
TL;DR Book about girl dying of Leukemia. [All Quiet On The Western Front - Erich Maria Remarque](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/355697.All_Quiet_on_the_Western_Front)

The permanence of death and the loneliness of war made starkly and brutally tangible to a curious thirteen year old.  I still remember tears falling on the pages. The Outsiders, in seventh grade. Kind of heavy stuff for 11 year-olds.  I read The Wasp Factory when I was nine. That book was really **REALLY** fucked up. If you've read it, you'll know what I mean. Iain Banks, you were a twisted man. Save Queen of Sheba. Scalp shudder. Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry. Julie of the Wolves, with the rape scene, and Johnny Tremain, with the description of the injury and subsequent issues. Also, why the FUCK was Flowers in the Attic in our junior high school library?! The Chocolate War When I was 11 I read The Hatchet by Gary Paulsen. I wanted to live in the wild after I read it. I wasn't very popular at school, and I got picked on a lot. So I decided to run away. I felt the urge to be stranded, lost, and alone. It wasn't unusual for me to wander off by myself. We lived in a part of Michigan where the forests went on for miles, and my parents encouraged me to get out and explore it. I left my house that afternoon determined to get lost. I ran as fast as I could for as long as I could. I stopped seeing the occasional house, and I was surrounded by forest.

I was lost. I was hungry. I ate some raw snake eggs I found. They were horrible and ended up getting me VERY VERY ILL. I wandered through the woods hoping to find someone for a few hours. I was vomiting very dizzy. I finally gave up and got tired enough to sleep.

I slept on the ground until the sun came up. By this time I was totally dehydrated and panicky. I knew I needed to find someone to help me get back to my home. My head was pounding.

I ended up only having to walk about half a mile until I found the nearest house. The house was old and buried in the woods. The door was unlocked, so I went in hoping to find someone. 

The house was empty, but there was running water and food in the fridge. I drank and ate and called my parents from their house phone. I lied to them about intentionally getting lost.

I ended up being on the local news. I can't find a clip anywhere, but it was a pretty big deal in this region. The cops got me home, and my parents embraced me. 

I loved it. No one ever knew that I did it on purpose. The kids at school started calling me the hatched kid. My close friends still call me Bry (short for Brian, the name of the main character), up until this day. 

**tl;dr- I intentionally got lost in the woods after reading "The Hatchet" to make friends.** [The Last Spin](http://www.classicshorts.com/stories/lastspin.html) in sixth grade.  Didn't mess me up, but it is the only short story from school I vividly remember reading.
 Sounder.  7th grade - Deliverance.  Never wanted to go camping again. Read "IT" in 5'th grade... Turned me into a horror junkie. 

Read "Tale of Genji"  in 7'th grade. .. That fucker was just hard to slog through with that dense prose.. Wasn't for school but I read Rose Madder in 8th grade. Messed me up pretty good. I'm surprised my mom allowed me to read it.  Das Kapital The Crystalids by John Wyndham got me addicted to Sci-Fi!  Hangman's Curse *Rascal*.  The Story of Ferdinand turned me into a pacifist.  I never recovered from the trauma. The Jungle. That shit was terrifying. Wringer. I remember a fourth-grade me horrified that someone wrote a whole book about a town's tradition of shooting and wringing pigeons' necks. Still gets to me.  The Lord of the Flies. Seriously that book gave me nightmares for like a month. A Wrinkle in Time. It's the movie that messed me up.  "The Man Who Loved Clowns" did it for me. Everything about that story was heartbreaking. I read Animal Farm when I was too young to understand the metaphor.  I was so distraught at the ending that I say down and wrote an ending to "fix" it.  Flowers in the Attic Flowers in the Attic. My math book. The Book Thief. The Game of Thrones series. City of Thieves. The Road. 
I read some really fucked-up stuff, to a twelve-year-old. Tuck Everlasting is about a family of immortals. The lead character discovers the family's secret and has a chance to become immortal as well (but decides to grow old and die instead). I read it just at the right time for it to trigger an existential crisis that messed me up *deeply*. It's the first time I fully understood the concept of "forever."  I was pretty mellow as a kid, but I remember nearly hyperventilating on the way home from a church activity while questioning my mom about the permanence of the universe and our role therein.  I've never felt closer to a fictional character than Mr. Pignati, and I'm one of those weirdos who read the harry potters 5x. 

I've read the Pigman probably 10 times in my life, I have no idea why but it always feels so good (till I get to the end) It wasn't exactly part of the curriculum, but John Saul's The Homing.  Shit is messed.... ill just say Fire Ants. The book of Revelations. Pretty heavy stuff for a seven year old.  scary stories to tell in the dark. those drawings are NOT appropriate for kids. Edgar Allen Poe in eighth grade. It was probably just a coincidence, but after we read "The Black Cat" my mental health took a huge nosedive and I was almost institutionalized a few months later. Of Mice and Men. God fucking dammit, Lenny. A Watership Down. the giver The Giver. The ending was open ended. Did he and the baby die or did they both live. I believe is is the former.  *I Am the Cheese* by Robert Cormier

It was the first book that I remember reading where I couldn't empathize with or identify with the main character. Adam Farmer's life was so foreign to my own life experience at the time that I really had trouble understanding the story. "the little matchstick girl" - a homeless girl freezes to death in an alleyway because she runs out of matches. there was a bigger message about her being at peace, but the 9 year old me was still like wtf seriously? and then ugly cried.  Coraline. The scene with her Other Dad in the cellar...*shivers* if they had put that scene in the film it would have been a certificate 15 I swear Lord of the Flies. Dear lord...Simon's death was traumatizing Call of the Wild.

My father taught me how to read at a very young age, so at 5 I read this book, and was hysterical when the man in the red sweater beat Buck. I didn't understand why someone would beat an animal, or anything for that matter.  Lord of the Flies really messed with my mind. As we were reading, I kept having intrusive thoughts about which classmates would kill who first if we ever got stranded on an island together...

But it's still one of my favorite books ever. I don't know if it messed me up per se, but I remember weeping heavily when I read Orwell's Animal Farm in 6th or 7th grade. It's the only book I can really remember upsetting me deeply and I don't exactly remember why, but I knew at that moment that I cared much more about animals than I ever could about humans. It's a sentiment that has largely stayed with me, and I get weird about it now because as much as I realize it's a shitty bit of logic, when I hear about people abusing/torturing animals, I want to go all Taliban on their ass and cut off their limbs  and remove their eyes, tongue, and olfactory epithelium. Not that I think it's acceptable to do that to anyone, nor do I think it's proper to have that reaction when it regards animals rather than, say, children. It's just an automatic visceral response. Reading Animal Farm kind of helped shine a light on the beginnings of that feeling. Ironically, I can't seem to stop eating meat. I don't know if that's ironic so much as hypocritical, but oh well.  Hiroshima by John Hersey.  Grade 3.  The book I ordered from Scholastic was not available, so Hiroshima is what they sent me.   I still have it.   Hiroshima by John Hersey. WTF! We were at the height of the Cold War! The Dark is Rising. Not sure why, but that shit creeped me out and I remember it as being really fucking trippy. I can only assume I read it too early and if I gave it another shot it would be fine.  "Tuck Everlasting"  To this day I get a pit in my stomach when I think about how horrific it would be to have to live forever. Island of the Blue Dolphins.  Absolutely terrifying concept. Lord of the Flies 8th grade, "IT" I have no idea why I was allowed to read that book. The last thing I remember reading was a gay man being stabbed in the groin and thrown over a bridge, NOPE! the mixed up files of mrs. basil e frankweiler.  in sixth grade. about two kids who ran away from home to a museum in New York.  They had a great time.  My cousin and I decided we would try it.  packed girl scout cookie boxes up with clothes and jacket, food, games.  agreed on a meeting place (we lived close to each other).   I knew she was going to chicken out and took my little brother who adored me instead. (plan B).   walked a couple miles to a park, set up camp, got hungry for real food and needed a bathroom.  showed up at mcdonalds at 6:30 am.  they weren't open yet and someone was scrubbing the floor.  looked at us strange through the door.  we left and were walking back to the park.  meantime mom and dad panicked (even though I left a note and told them I would be home by the time we needed to go to church), cousin the defector confessed when questioned, and her mom, my aunt found us as she drove around the neighborhood.  it has been 40 plus years and I am still grounded.  I remember every detail like it was yesterday.  The short story "Where are You Going, Where Have You Been?". 

It gave me the absolute creeps for weeks after I read it, and this was as an eighth grader. You can read it here: http://www.d.umn.edu/~csigler/PDF%20files/oates_going.pdf Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark

I think there were a couple of them. The stories were creepy, but the associated pictures still make me uneasy to this day.  Tangerine by Edward Bloor. Spoilers obviously: 

- It was the first book I read where one human was responsible for the death of another. Even worse, they were High Schoolers.

- The cause of the Paul's legal blindness always seemed messed up. His brother holding him back as someone sprayed paint in his eyes was bad, but having his parent's cover it up was just messed up.

- Paul being expelled for the year always made me seem mad. Yeah, it was justified, but being a kid and understanding the circumstances you hoped it would work out.

Also it always seemed like there should be more to the story. Erik is awaking his trial for Luis's murder and Paul is starting a new school, but it just kinda ended. I've even checked every few years to see if the author ever wrote a sequel, because I'd totally buy it. The Midnight Club by Christopher Pike.  A hospice for teenagers where they tell each other scary stories and then have awkward almost-dead 'sex' at the end of the book.  Flowers in the Attic, and anything else by that smut-peddler VC Andrews. Why did my school library have so many books that bordered on erotica, with heavy themes of abuse, rape and incest?  Shocked and confused [Flowers in the Attic](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flowers_in_the_Attic) hasn't been said. My friend's older sister had a copy and I took it from her room when I was like seven years old. The cover was cool and I was always ahead in reading levels. 

Big mistake. The giving tree. That dang picture on the back. Love You Forever by Robert Munsch (a picture book about a little boy and his mom) was the first book to inflict severe emotional damage on me, at age 7. 

The one that probably had the most impact of my entire childhood, though, was The Last Battle, the final book in the Chronicles of Narnia. It was just such a mindfuck. Flowers in the attic. That book is so screwed up and I wouldn't prefer it to anyone who's in school. flowers. for. algernon. Stone Fox. fuck that tearfest. Jay's Journal.

Ghost Girl - Torey Hayden I had a really high reading level in elementary school and I regularly read books that were beyond my maturity level. Most of it I realized I just didn't "get" even if I was able to read the words. However, I understood Lord of the Flies pretty well and it screwed me up for a couple months. A Day No Pigs Would Die by Robert Newton Peck. Kid raises a pig as a pet and then has to be the one to kill it. Fucked. Up. Rikki Tikki Tavi. For some reason when I was a kid I thought the moral of the story was not to eat to much, because it would make you slow. Therefore I would never finish any of my meals because I was worried I'd be too slow for whatever challenge showed up. "When the legends die" its about an indian who becomes so good at bull riding, he rides them to death and becomes a drunk. Its depressing as shit. I read it when i was about 10. And Then There Were None... creeped me out! I loved Hatchet and Julie of the Wolves but seeing them on here, maybe I should re-read them I honestly don't remember the title, but here's what happened (note, my first language is German): We were on holiday in Bulgaria, and my aunt (who doesn't speak German) found me some German books to read somewhere. Great... except they weren't intended for my age group. I only read one of them, which was about a detective investigating the murders of some prostitutes. I learned a lot of interesting terminology that day.

The other book was a dissection of James Bond, and I'm pretty sure it was meant literally. Heart of Darkness - Finally brought my fears about death to the surface Robert Munsch - Love You Forever, to this day that shit makes me tear up and I dunno if I can read it to my kids without crying. House on Mango Street. Wasn't told there would be rape and then bam! Little girl gets raped. the 'Flowers in the Attic' series...my grandma gave it too me flowers in the attic  Flower's in the Attic. Being rebellious took on different meanings in the old days. Day 1 of English: "Here's a list of all banned books from school, you may NOT read these for your term reports, pick other publications."
(Flowers in the Attic, Petals on the Wind, Clockwork Orange, Snow Falling on Cedars, etc.)
"Guys... we need to read these books..." ~ Dumbass Pseudo rebellious Me


 I can't believe no one said this.

[The Green Ribbon](http://24.media.tumblr.com/870b1c4a46b622a810b3c567d558330d/tumblr_mtd02hTYhf1s1jap9o1_500.jpg).

It's from In A Dark, Dark Room and Other Scary Stories. Flowers for Algernon. Scruffy by Jack Stoneley, it's a stray dog's life, told from the dog's point of view.  I found it in fifth grade, cried over it for years.  That and Black Beauty are going to always make me prefer animals to humans. Lord of the Flies. I could not believe what I was reading at the time. I read Misery in 6th grade. Woo.
EDIT: Oh yeah, and Cujo in 5th. Neither of these books were school assigned, obviously not at that age. My dad just had a huge Stephen King collection that I still occasionally read from. The Bridge to Terabithia. bridge to terabithia. OH HEY CLASS LETS READ THE MOST DEPRESSING BOOK IN THE WORLD  I read Lolita in sixth grade. Explain my perverse sexuality.  A Child Called It. I read it in 5th grade. I had no idea a mother was capable of doing such horrendous things to a child. Smack by Melvin Burgess. 

I don't really how old I was, younger teens maybe, 10-12ish. I thought the book was funny, it was called Smack. With a name like that why wouldn't it be funny? 

Holy shit was I wrong. It was about heroin addiction, prostitution(the suck a dick for some crack kind), and all sorts of other fucked up shit. 12 year olds SHOULD NOT be reading that book. The sign of the chrysanthemum. Something about prostitution chapter and a whole lot of wtf. Read it in 7th grade.  My parents let me read 100 years of solitude in 4th grade.  It wasn't so much the story as all the sex that kind of screwed me up. The City Rose After Ever After by Jordan Sonnenblick. I, a fairly tall male, sobbed.  Exodus Alan and Naomi. 
I couldn't cope with this story. The borgia bride. I missed the part on the front that said "incest, poison, betrayal" I don't know if this belongs here, but in sixth grade, the kid I sat next to read "When Dad Killed Mom" for his book report... Came from a messed up home, haven't seen him since his expulsion in 7th grade. 
Just a side note: I went to a Catholic school.  I remember my dad giving me a copy of "Deadeye Dick" by Vonnegut when I was about 12. Read the whole thing...Also "Notes from Underground" when I was 14. Coram Boy.

Slavery, Kids having sex, babies kidnapped, friends killed etc Not too devastating, but definitely a little mature for how old I was:  I read Stone Cold by Robert Swindells when I was around 7, and it was pretty fucking dark for a seven year old. Missing May - I remember really liking the main character, a young girl, but the rest of the characters didn't seem too concerned that this girl's parents died. They just kind of left her to fend for herself.  The Marbury Lens I bet nobody here has read it but its such a crazy book Out of the Dust.  I'm pretty sure I cried the entire way through it.  So depressing.  Has no one mentioned 'I'm Not Afraid of the Dark', yet? I don't remember the books name (so I guess it couldn't have messed me up to badly) but it was basically about this boy and girl. The girls family is new to the town and the boy is a bit of a loner. They become friends and they find a shack or something across the river. But to get to it, they had to swing on a rope. Anyway, in the end, the girl swings across and the rope snaps and she falls into the water and dies or something like that. 

There was also something about a dog. I think the guy bought it for the girls birthday, and then when the girl's family moved away after her death, the father gave the dog back. "Silent to the Bone" by E.L. Konisburg..... I found it in my 6th grade library in class.  Main character tries it help his best friend who won't speak after an accident with his baby half sister and is attracted to his step-mom.  Weird.   cycle of the werewolf - stephen king. 

fyi, this book is made up primarily of extremely graphic drawings of people and animals being decapitated and disemboweled. i found it in my sister's room when she was in highschool and i was in third or fourth grade and had werewolf related nightmares until almost adulthood. The Beasties by William Sleator 

Terrifying. I read this series of pretty disturbing post apocalyptic books in grade school. Maybe someone can help me remember what it was called.

IIRC, it took place in the year 2007, when all the adults in the world just straight up died. It wasn't like a rapture where their physical bodies ascended into heaven, but they all literally just dropped dead, leaving all the children of the world to clean up all the bodies and start civilization anew. I think the title had something to do with fire. Bridge to Terabithia

and

Slake's Limbo by Felice Holman A Child Called It Devil's Arithmetic in 5th grade.  Everyone should read that book, but not 10 year olds.  Perks of being a wallflower. So much crazy shit... then the ending too. Roots Star Wars Vector Prime. 

If you read it, you'd know why it was traumatizing for a ~12 year old.  PETEY. i was reading that shit on a cruise with my family. ruined the whole damn vacation. In the Night Kitchen was pretty weird. The Little Friend by Donna Tartt. I read it in 8th grade... Light in August. We read it when I was 13.... way too young.  *View From the Cherry Tree* as an assignment in 4th Grade.  It's supposedly a good read for kids 9-13, but it freaked me out at that age. Out of the Dust.

Fuck that shit The Boy in Striped Pyjamas. Night by Ellie Weisel. It brought the Holocaust to real life in my sixth grade mind.  The Dead Bird, it's basically a story of some kids who find a dead bird and bury it but I always thought it was a weirdly morbid and obscure topic for a children's book. I think the illustrations contributed to my finding it odd as well.  I'd have to say Book of One Thousand Sins. If you don't know what that is, I would definately put it as one of the most fucked up books i've ever read. So much blood and sex, too much for an 8th grader to handle. Crabbe by William Bell.    Effed up book   A biography of Martin Luther King, Jr. when I was in first grade, specifically reading about the Selma marches. I literally had no grasp of what racism was at that point, and to read about police turning water hoses on children just blew me away. My view of humanity was absolutely shattered. I  remember when I read my book report on it in front of the class, some kids thought that I had made it up. I got this. Follow the Drinking Gourd. I can't remember what the book was about really, but I remember there being a really scary man in it. I also can't remember what was so scary about the man (hook for a hand, no eyeballs, generally surly, I don't remember.) I used to lie in bed every night for YEARS terrified that this man was going to come into my room and do something horrible to me. As a result, I now have the most intense and debilitating phobia of...wait for it...gourds. Dead man in Indian creek. The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. 

I read the whole last chapter with my left arm squeezing my head. [This fucking book](http://www.northlakelibrary.org/Kids/images/Scary-Stories-3.jpg) I read The Road by Cormac McCarthy in grade six.. Holy shitballs that was a mistake. Deathwatch by Robb White. I can't tolerate survival stories anymore because of this book.  Life of Pi. The first part was fine, it was the second part that really screwed with me. Couldn't sleep for weeks and still refuse to watch the movie even with the Oscars and already knowing the story. The Giver. The giver My bedtime stories at age 5 and 6 were A Series of Unfortunate Events. The Giver. 

I'm pretty sure it kicked off my generalized anxiety. Book seriously messed with my world view in sort of a 'oh my god, what the hell is happening' sort of way.  The Red Pony. Specifically the vulture scene. D:  Wasn't so much messed up as much as my eyes were opened. It was called Odins Family. A book written for kids about the Norse Gods and a compilation of their real myths. It was awesome and from then on I took such an interest in other cultures that I'm finishing up my bachelors in Anthropology. The Road. Holy fuck. Messed me up so bad, had nightmares for weeks. I made my mom read it just so I could have someone to talk to and understand what it made me feel.  A Japanese manga 'Barefoot Gen'

It's a story about Gen, a boy who survived the Hiroshima bombing and its aftermath, and is also based on the writer's own experience as a survivor. As typical Japanese kids, I and my friends started reading it thinking it's just a fun manga when we found the series in our primary school library. Little did we know the horrifying and disgusting images in it.

This manga is not just about the Hiroshima nuke and Gen's life to overcome difficulties after the war. It describes what Japanese army did in China, rape, murder and such. There was one picture in which a group of Japanese soldiers inserting a bottle of sake or something into a Chinese woman's vagina, which is stuck in my head still.

I know it's a manga but this is the only book that taught us the other side of the war. Some images were to grotesque for an 8 year old but I'm glad I read it. 9th grade so not middle school, but The Thomas Covenant trilogy was probably too mature for a 15 year old. It's fucked up and depressing as shit I wouldn't say it really messed me up bad, but I remember reading "As The Waltz Was Ending", and there's a particular scene with the main character and what transpired between her and a Nazi soldier. It was something that I knew happened in real life, but it was just so... Unsettling. "Night" by Elie Wiesel. 

I read it in 5th grade. That was a poor decision..  Lord of the Rings. The Scouring of the Shire put me in a bad depression in middle school. "The age of the fish" by Ödön von Horvath (austro-hungarian writer) which we read in school when I was about about 12. It's about a fascist society on the brink of war and about a particular school class and it's teacher. Horvath wrote it one year prior to WWII. 

In the book the teacher critically views the social developments his country  goes through. Due to behavior in contrast to political mainstream he has to accompany his class to a camp. That camp is some kind of paramilitary training similar to Hitler youth in Nazi Germany (which of course is where the whole book is set). There one of the pupils kills another one just to watch him die. The teacher, already questioning his belief in a good and graceful God, is further troubled by this atrocity and accepts that he left God in the first world war. In the further story it is uncovered who did the deed and the teacher comes to the conclusion, that there must be a just God as the murderous kid hangs himself. 

This book made me realise that the world is a cruel and dreadful place with murder and pain. I didn't agree that there was the hint of a just God but of no God. That is how I lost faith in God. The German title resembles this experience: Jugend ohne Gott - Youth without a God.

Edit: correct auto-correct. My diary. Goddamn *Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes* triggered my first panic attack and woke up what would become a lifelong struggle with obsessive-compulsive disorder.

 I remember this book about the body that had pictures of the heart "movements", to summarize it said the heart moved to the center of the body between the lungs at noon, and slowly moved back to one side in the evening. I can't remember what it's called and I can't explain it very well but it was about some kid who went to a house and walked through another dimension. It was Mr Who or Mr What or some shit like that. It didn't traumatize me, just freaked me out. Hatchet messed me up, though.  Johnny Tremain.  Yay for incest! watership down, without a doubt. Probably "The Cage", which is a Holocaust autobiography written by a Polish-Jewish woman.  It wouldn't be so bad (as gut-wrenching as it is) if it wasn't read to my fifth grade class. In fact, the teacher warned us that it was a heavy book.  It was a weird "reward" for us being a mature and composed group compared to the others.

 Things Not Seen was intense. Kid turns invisible, befriends a blind chick, falls in love, etc. Left behind. 

It's Straight up brainwashing, especially when you're a 3rd grader required to read it. They made us watch the movie and it definitely fucked with me for a long time. I was traumatized and forced into believing my parents and I were in constant and inevitable danger from guillotines and abduction. (Private school) Petey, Where the Red Fern Grows...

There was also another book that has a purple cover and some people on it and it was about a face paradise that I can't find ANYWHERE, was read to us in middle school. I wish I could find it because I know it will bother me until I die. The Girl Next Door - Jack Ketchum
 Under the dome  Horrowitz Horror stories. Granted, these where more so advised as teen books, but they were in my primary school, so I thought they were ok to read. The most disturbing for me at the time (and maybe even now) would have to be Burnt, The Shortest Horror Story Ever Written, Howard's End and Scared. Class, by Paul Fussell

It's an odd one to get messed up by, but it is a social satire book about ranking people in various socio economic classes by the clothes they wear, the materials that make them up, the colors painted on the walls or even the magazines on their coffee table. 

Being in sixth grade at the time, I felt I was upper class by getting points (there is a point system in the back), for having a curved driveway and that you couldn't see the garage from the street. It wasn't a large lot or farmhouse, it was in typical suburbia with a different layout. 

I blame my older brother for giving me that book. Not recommended for a sponge in sixth grade trying to figure out how the world works.  Night The Wasp Factory. Read that shit when I was twelve. It didn't mess me up, it just fucked me up big time. Coraline freaked me out for a long time. It was a short story called The Lottery. not a traditional answer, but I had speech issues when I was younger. I found a book one day, written entirely in Spoonerisms called "Runny Babbitt". (Like bunny rabbit.)
Fucked me up hard. Now instead of mumbling, I just switch the first syllable of all my words! yaaaaay... Toss-up between 'The Crucible' and 'The Wife of Martin Guerre'. TC was bloody terrifying, it's all about mass hysteria and it's a very glum insight into it.

TWOMG traumatized me because it was insufferable. We read it as a class- I was stuck with a bunch of morons who at Year 10 were struggling to read (they were sixteen!). It took 10 weeks to read a boring as batshit 99 page book. I will never be the same man after that experience.  When I was in elementary, I would sneak off to the adult section in the library just so I could feel like a grown up. One day, I picked up a comic book in that section and started reading. I don't remember the name of the comic book, but there was a father-daughter rape scene, and I didn't know what I was looking at until it was too late. A bit of my childhood/innocence died that day. "Identical" by Ellen Hopkins was pretty harsh. It also had an awesome twist.  The Bible. Continuity sucks and you mever figure out who the good guys are. a collection of Edgar Allen Poe stories. have been into morbid stuff since.  The Handmaid's Tale. Seriously, what the fuck were my parents thinking. One of the first real novels I ever read was Shade's Children by Garth Nix... jesus that book is intense. And I cried so many sad/happy tears at the end. Has anyone else read this book? I've never spoken with anyone who has. I've probably read it 5 times. The Giver. or Shade's Children. Brave new world (Huxley) and the world Jones made (Philip K Dick). I don't even remember the name of the book, but there was this really fucking weird book where these kids had a substitute teacher. When the kid would talk, they would suddenly stop being able to talk and the teacher could use their voice and sound exactly like them. When the principal came by the room the teacher used a kid's voice to say "We're just fine!". It was freaking scary. To this day I get scared of saying the first words to salespeople, etc. It's terrible. The short story the Cold Equations .-. Made me very sad... Crime and Punishment in 7th grade.  For some reason I think almost every child in Denmark has heard the story "En drengestreg" (Drengestreg means kind of like a prank or mischief), in which two boys saw of the leg of another boy. Not trying to harm him, but to help him. He ends up dying though... It has a very vivid description of the sawing itself. Can't think about that story without getting a slight nausea... Most disturbing book ever, and for some reason very popular among teachers... 8th grade I read 'Hegemony or Survival' by Noam Chomsky; while it didn't mess me up it drastically altered my life and how I saw things. My Brother Sam Is Dead  it wasnt on the curriculum, but i read Battle Circle, by piers anthony when i was wayy too young.

that fucking messed up gangrape scene comes out of fucking nowhere man! i did not sign up for that This girl showed me a find in the school library, forgot the book name but it described the brutal events in the Rape of Nanking. Eventually the book grabbed the attention of me and a lot of my friends. Shit was too intense for a fourth grader like me back then.  The Butterfly Revolution - Kids take over a camp and all kinds of horrible things go down.  Brother in the Land and Chinese Cinderella did it for me. Saw a picture in a book of that fake alien autopsy. something about it just terrifies me on a really deep level. I read Stone Fox in grade 4. Afterwards, I tried to explain the plot to my mom and ended up sobbing on the kitchen floor. Exit to Eden messed me up good. :P My Brother Sam is Dead. Fucking beautiful book. Made me cry in class though. I was ten at the time. The bible. Enders Game and Enders Shadow, 4th grade. 

those endings...  *The Very Hungry Caterpillar*. WHY THE HELL WON'T ANYONE FEED HIM?! Watership Down. Despite 7 year old me not knowing it was allegorical, the ending made me bawl.  Can't really think of one. I'm pretty sure that books were a significant factor in my overall survival of elementary and middle-school. Flowers in the Attic  Actually, I read American Psycho in middle school. I think that says pretty much everything that needs to be said. Hmm... probably *Go Ask Alice*. I loved it but I just couldn't handle it in 5th grade.. so much things I didn't understand. I later on re-read it in highschool and it made me understand more. Probably one of my favorite all time books Tangerine. i think it was at that point that i began to hate people. That book showed me how petty and vain people can be. I read it in high school but Night By Elie Wiesel. It was about how he survived the holocaust. It was disturbing. I was in disbelief of what I was reading.  The Lottery. What an evil story. The Big Friendly Giant.

Giants snatching kids up from their rooms at night and eating them ... No fucking thank you. Read "King Lear" in fourth grade. It was apparently a "children's magazine" where it was featured. They showed mannnny of the graphic scenes. Even the one where Cecilia was hanging. 'Twas not good for me.  I read Masque of the Red Death when I was eight.  I did not sleep for MONTHS. Tuesdays with Morrie, in my freshman year. Not when I read it, but years later after my grandfather (who was a father to me) passed away of the same disease. It partly sad because I could identify with it and because of Morrie's story, but it was even more sad because I realized that not everybody handles death so gracefully. 

And death is not that graceful. ITT: A shitload of books that fucked me up. Why the fuck did I start reading this thread? A Lesson Before Dying  The Road
I realize the ending is optimistic, in a sense, but the overall tone of that book, and its style, is just so bleak and depressing it's hard feel happy. The Tulip Touch. 

It's a long time ago, but it's basically about two little girls, Natalie and Tulip. Natalie's parents work in a hotel and she befriends a local called Tulip after she sees her with a pet kitten.

The scene that stuck with me the most was of Tulip in her home, drowning kittens in a tin can in front of Natalie. As a child who loved her cats to bits, this scene creeped me right out. Tulip also used to invent games that would trick or encourage Natalie to endanger others, often her family or other children. I remember one of the "activities" we had to do whilst studying this book was *think up other games for them to have played*. What the fuck, teachers? When Natalie starts getting scared of Tulip and avoiding her, Tulip burns down the hotel as revenge, with Natalie inside. She and her family escape to set up business somewhere else.

And then it just ends with no lessons learnt, no retribution or redemption for Tulip, no real explanations. Maybe I'm remembering it creepier than it was, but that book was *really* eerie to me as a child.

**TLDR: Story about one child pressuring another to do messed up things, culminates in attempted murder, with no real resolution.** They Cage the Animals at Night
Even as a 30 yo man, the thought of that book chokes me up

Runner up:  Lord of the Flies When I was a tweenager, I found a book in my private Christian school library called The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West. Because I liked The Wizard of Oz, I decided to check it out.

I only got about 30 pages into it before I lost it, never again to be found, but this one scene still haunts me:

The scene described a marionette show. One of the puppets was a man. A super old lady wanted to have sex with him, but the guy thought she was old and crusty. Luckily for her, the man had two penises: one on the front and one on the back. He said that he would have sex with the old woman only if he could also have sex with her beautiful young daughter at the same time. The old woman forced her unwilling daughter, actually positioning her on the man's front penis, while the old lady perched upon the man's back penis. Then the man rocked back and forth, fucking them both. Death of a Salesman. I think in like 6th or 8th grade. So damn depressing.  Ubik by Phil Dick.  Found at local library, read more of his stuff, started getting very paranoid. Wringer. It's easy to imagine the snapping of those poor pigeons' necks.

Edit: I just thought of another! It's called Red Kayak. It starts out innocent about a family recovering from a child dying. Ends up being about manslaughter. Really good book though! The gay science and thus spake zarathrustra.  I had a severe existential crisis due to these books when I was 12 - 13. I remember in 6th grade I read a book that involved teenagers having sex, drunk driving, manipulation, a girl in a coma with brain damage, 16 year old with a 3 year old son, and death. I can't remember what the name of the book was but I do remember that I was horrified being the little 11 year old that I was.  The Giver by Lois Lowry And Then There Were None (aka Ten Little Niggers)

Thinking back it was a wonderful novel, but when I was 12 it gave me nightmares for weeks. Ordinary people. That book was awful, and I now hate reading because of it. I was forced to read it, and then write a report on it. I got a d on the report because I wrote about how awful I thought it was. Piece of trash.  Haven't read comments yet but "The Metamorphosis" for sure Junior year.  I have a deep fear of roaches and that one fucked me up.  Kafka scarring generations and generations...

edit:  Okay after reading comments mine is probably not as bad.  But shit waking up as a roach and eventually have your dad throw fruit at you that lodges in your back.  Ugh...  I get shivers to this day. Go Ask Alice. I was in middle school and went on a trip with my patents to visit my uncle and his new girlfriend at her house way out in the middle of nowhere. She didn't have television and I was bored out of my mind so I was exploring her house and found this book. It's the diary of a girl back in the hippy days who starts doing acid and the direction her life goes is just nuts. Spoiler alert!!!  She dies. I ended up buying it as an adult and re-reading it but it didn't have the same affect on me as it did when I was a kid. Still a good read though.  Flowers for Algernon The Devil's Advocate



Like 3rd or 4th grade, hadn't learned about the holocaust yet and thought it was pure fiction, not historical fiction. Read Ann Frank's diary around the same time and was like, wtf no happy ending sequel? It just ends? Years later, it was like learning dementors were real. :(



 Go Ask Alice. My school had this program called RIF. Basically kids get free books. I was in third grade, and had always been a good reader. I got this one book about different, true stories of gruesome crimes. If someone knew a book like this, tell me and i'll tell you what I remember. I kinda want to read it again. the bible An occurance at owl creek bridge. I think the fact that my crazy bitch of a teacher laughed hysterically when the guy actually gets hung was the most disturbing part The Lorax. There's a real message that's a lot to handle for a kindergartener  Flowers for Algernon. I am the cheese Though not a "school book", but "Love You Forever", the book with the little kid in the bathroom ripping up toilet paper?, yeah...that one. That book is just so sad in my opinion. Maybe it's because I'm petrified of dying and used to get *really* upset about it as a young kid, maybe 8-9. I just see the kid grow up and the roles change between him and his mom. My mom is just such a strong, no a really fucking strong person and I love her to death. I'm just scared of the future...*sigh* I read Skinny by Ibi Kaslik in 8th grade. I don't know if I could handle that book now. I had a panic attack reading it jut because I the fucked up lives of the sisters.  I actually passed out sitting in my seat while we read The Giver, and discussed the part where he takes "pain" for the first time in the form of a compound fracture.
 the veldt, the sound of thunder, the lotto, all summer in a day, a clockwork orange, etc
most read in highschol or later still the effect it caused   Besides the ones already mentioned, some of the Redwall books, the amber spyglass, the darkest minds, staying fat for sarah burns 'A child called it' In the third grade we had to read and illustrate a verse of The Wreck of the Hesperus. Since reading that poem I've had an intense fear of boats, especially ships. Thanks for the panic attacks Mrs. King. 'The Last Book in the Universe' by Rodman Philbrick (also wrote 'Freak the Mighty'). It's a YA novel set in a world where people use mindprobes to escape their realities. Similar to drugs. Anyway, the protagonist meets an old man who has the last books in the world. Near the end of the book, the man is killed by being dragged along by a motorcycle. I'm not sure if I even finished the book because I was so disturbed.

'Boy: Tales of Childhood' by Roald Dahl. About age 10. This is memoir of Rahl's life up until age 20. There was a graphic scene where Dahl described an oral surgery he had while wide awake. I had (and still do, a bit) a phobia of dentists. I read the section stright through with all the copious amounts of blood Dahl described. I was at school at the time and the next thing I remember was waking up on the floor. Only time I've ever fainted from disgust/fright.  Where the red motherfucking fern grows. Fuck that book. The dogs dying was. Even part of the story. It was just tacked on at the end to fuck you up.  The Hot Zone, by Richard Preston.
Nothing scarier than the ebola virus, especially to 5th grade me. Freak the Mighty.  Pillars of the Earth and Game of Thrones...my parents thought it was a good way to get a ten yr old into higher literature? Uhhh...We're counting *all* of elementary school, right?  Even Kindergarten and First grade?

Then for me, it'd be The True Story of the 3 Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf.  That book freaked me out *good*. Not a book but one time at a sleepover we decided to watch boys don't cry. There was no sleep that night.  The Chocolate War.  Stone Fox. Ever wanted to see a class full of 7 year olds bawling their eyes out? Read them Stone Fox. And then make them watch the movie afterwards so they can relive the pain. Thanks teacher. The Perks of Being a Wallflower, definitely wasn't ready to read that as a 7th grader. I feel very cynical. I've read most of these books, and while I thought some were good but didn't cry or anything (The Giver), I hated others (Night). Night was the straw that broke the camel's back for me on WWII literature. Now I hate it because the same thing always happens and it's so depressingly repetitive. The Holocaust was horrible, we get it. Schindler's List was enough. The My Teacher is an Alien series. Hear me out.

Yes, the first one one stupid.

The fourth one, however, was FUCKING INCREDIBLE. Yes, it had a dumb name (My Teacher Flunked the Planet), but it wasn't dumb.

Basically, a couple of aliens from the early books and the kid protagonists are assigned by the alien version of the UN to quietly infiltrate Earth and figure out whether humanity (which the aliens have determined is on the brink of making some kind of breakthrough in interstellar travel) should be destroyed before it had the chance to leave the planet because it is too dangerous. The kids are supposed to interpret and explain stuff for the aliens, but they're like twelve and have no idea what they're in for.

The whole book is them visiting the best and worst of humanity. They see a lot of good stuff, but they also see people starving to death in a refugee camp, people being tortured in prisons, all sorts of stuff. It isn't graphic, but that's almost worse -- the book describes enough that your imagination fills in the rest. 

There are still images from this book in my head. They see a starving woman trying to nurse her baby and describe her breast as looking like "a crumpled paper bag." She doesn't have any milk, and the baby is dying anyway. There's a point where they're watching a battle happen in some war, and one of the kids gets upset and wants to leave, and one of the aliens just turns to him and says, okay, we can leave, but that won't end the battle. A statement that BLEW MY LITTLE EIGHT-YEAR-OLD MIND.

That book scarred me, but it's also pretty much the reason I started developing a social conscience. Lord of the flies *Brave New World*

No, seriously. My teacher had it on her "borrow and read" bookshelf for some crazy reason, and I took it and read it when I was in 6th grade.

Fucked me up for MONTHS. I didn't know what to think about anything. The Chocolate War, by Robert Cormier  
The Pigman, Paul Zindel  
The Diary of Anne Frank The Bible.  Can't even get through Genesis without drunken incest and attempted genocide.  And that's from the all-loving main character! I Have Lived a Thousand Years. Based on a true story about a girl who survived the Holocaust. I remember finishing it and feeling totally disconnected with everything around me. 

When I was pretty young (~7) I read the first book of the Addy series of American Girl books. Addy was an escaped slave and in that book, she had to leave her whole family behind. I was reading it in my living room and just burst into tears. My mother was really concerned.  Flowers for Algernon. Took every ounce of strength for me not to weep Ah, childhood reading. So much trauma.

**They Cage the Animals at Night**. A horrible story of a boy and his travels through an abusive orphanage/foster system in the 40s. Something about they way they would take the stuffed animals away at night, when the kids needed them the most, just destroyed me.

**The Velveteen Rabbit**. The angst surrounding the burning of the rabbit almost sent me into apoplexy.

**The High King**. Fflewdur Fflam burning his harp.

**The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe**.  Aslan's sacrifice.

**Hiroshima**. In the 80s newspapers would occasionally produce stories about the potential devastation should the Soviets decide to nuke your local area, along with helpful charts and graphs depicting how likely a target your hometown would be. Having this book as required reading during this time made for some anxious nights. Guts by Chuck Palahniuk.
I will never look at calamari the same way again. Read pahlaniuk all through middle school. Was a bit off despite being relatively popular "The Outsiders" 

*Stay golden Ponyboy*

at that stage in life i was in a gang of that sort, we weren't the greasers, we were just the trouble makers, i assigned each of my friends in that story to the character that fit their persona. almost all of them were a perfect match. i cried, a lot. Footsteps on the Stairs by C.S. Adler.  Forgotten Fire.  A book about the Armenian Genocide.  As a seventh grader who didn't know anything about genocide other than 'Hitler killed lots of Jews', it really got to me.   [The Destructors. It's a short story about] (#s "a gang of boys that decide to tear down this old man's house while he's away one weekend. The old man comes back early and is looked in his outhouse while the boys continue to destroy everything he owns. he can hear them tearing down his home but he can't do anything about it. IIRC, the old man was very nice to them but they were just hateful and destuctive") 
That book made me so upset but it was a short story so we talked about it for a few minutes and moved on. I actually read a lot of young adult.novels recently. I worked with middle schoolers so I had access to the good stuff. Bridge to Terabithia made me bawl. Even.thinking abouy makes me feel.heart broken. Old Yeller, The Plague Dogs, so many feels. The yearling as a little kid it made me so sad when the deer dies, and Goodnight Mr. Tom talked about abuse and love and it rocked my world. Realizing  as a kid there are such terrible people made me think the "his dark materials" trilogy by philip pullman was easily the book that fucked me up the most. made me have my first existential/nihilist crisis at the age of 12 years old. *The Amityville Horror*.  My aunt and uncle let 10-year-old me pick anything I wanted from the shelves of their used book shop.  Oh the nightmares.  I still, at age 43, get a little freaked out about stuff that happens at 3:15 AM.

AND it was apparently all a hoax! The Wasp Factory by Iain M. Banks Playboy.  Id say it was hell.com by Patric Sénécal.

This book was fucked up and it did pretty much that. This guy just writes too well into the horrors Nowhere to call home. The book starts off with her dad killing himself. Sad. Probably shouldn't have read "Flowers in the Attic" at 9. :/ I was an advanced reader, so my teacher just let me check out any books I wanted from her class and the library. Also not sure why that book was even in an elementary school... The Red Pony "Where the red ferns grow" - I was eating a cheese stick when the dogs got killed, so when I eat cheese sticks I think of dead dogs.

"The Wringer" - Don't kill the kids best friend :( "I Have Lived A Thousand Years" by Livia Bitton-Jackson. The last lines really messed me up. The Golden Compass.  I read 1984 for the first time when I was in seventh grade. The ending fucked me up really bad. It's still one of my all-time favorite books, but I can barely read through the last page or so. It's so fucking depressing. Also, The Road. Eighth grade. Made me go home and hug my dad for about twenty minutes straight.  Jacob Have I Loved. I'm certain that there are others, but I was thinking about that one the other day. Green Angel was the story of a girl who lost her entire family to a fire. She was very kind but the loss not only robbed her of most of her sigjt, but her loving spirit. She changes a lot physically and emotionally through out the book. I stood up all night to finish it. Worth it. the chocolate bar wars. these middle school boys bully the shit out of an awkward boy because he won't sell any chocolate bars for their annual school candy drive Luke Baldwin's Vow I can't remember what it was called, but this kid in the book has like ADD? So the book is about him swallowing a key (with a string attached, since he thinks he could pull it out and it'd be a great trick) and later pooping it out, and doing stuff like seeing a pencil sharpener and thinking "Hey, I bet I could sharpen my nails with this!" so he puts his pinky in the sharpener and screws it up.

I read that book when I was in 3rd grade. The Lottery Rose I found a copy of Goldfinger by Ian Flemming in my grade 5 classroom. I discovered that day that there are amazingly awesome things in this world hidden just out of view... The Outsiders For me, it was All Quiet on the Western Front.  That book was my favorite piece of assigned reading I've ever received, but it played with my emotions.  I was almost sobbing through a good portion of it, and I'm not a very emotional person. Herman Hesse's Steppenwolf. I got kicked out of school that year. A Child Called It Freak the Mighty
 The scarlet letter.  The year was 2003. I was in 8th Grade.  My teacher foolishly assigned us to read "The Red Pony" by John Steinbeck.  I did. I don't want to ruin it for anyone who wants to read that terrible shit, but I never read another book for school again. SparkNotes got me through every highschool project and through college.  B for buster. It's a fictional book about a kid who managed to become a bomber crewman in WWII. If you've read it, it's a very sad and depressing ending... Of Mice And Men. 

I see it George, I see it.  Animal Farm by George Orwell.  In Elementary School: On My Honor and A Taste of Blackberries. So sad! In Middle School: Tangerine. When I was in my sophomore year of college, I got to tell the author how traumatizing it was and he was thrilled. In High School: 1984. Very scary. Johnny Got His Gun Coraline. Read it in 6th grade and it was the creepiest thing ever and it was the first time I remember feeling depressed in my life about something that wasn't a huge deal in my life. The fact that *Flowers in the Attic* hasn't made the top comments confirms the heavy ratio of male to female Redditors. Between that and *My Sweet Audrina*, basically every girl I know had some blown up ideas about sex until 8th grade when they finally got their hands on a copy of Judy Blume's *Forever*. The poop that took a pee.  "Invisible" by Pete Hautman.

Shit is fucked up for a "young adult book" Not sure if it's been said but for me its definitely "A Child Called It". Gave me nightmares.  Guts by Chuck Palahnuick

don't ask When I was in middle school I took my cousins copy of Slaughter House Five out of his room. I was a very sheltered child up until then.  Killing Mr. Griffin, it was super intense. I don't know how our teacher found it.  I remember reading the green mile in 7th grade and it made me think about life. On a completely unrelated note I was a bit of a weird kid. the fifty shades of grey trilogy, well that was freshmen year of high school
 A Corner of the Universe by Ann M. Martin spark notes The Giver.

What the fuck? Where's Wally? Seriously where is he. I went to private christian school... so I'm gonna have to go with the Bible. The bible The Bible SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK!!

if you don't know about this twisted shit.....

http://www.google.com/search?redir_esc=&amp;redir_esc=&amp;hl=en&amp;client=ms-android-hms-tmobile-us&amp;source=android-browser-suggest&amp;v=200400000&amp;qsubts=1381258068676&amp;q=scary%20stories%20to%20tell%20in%20the%20dark I read *The Female Eunuch* when I was 13... I became really angry with the world soon after, taking offense to silly things because WOMEN'S RIGHTS! My view has become much much more tempered with time and experience, but I bugged the hell out of my friends for the better part of a year. The one that got me was Tuck Everlasting, after we finished it I got an immense sense of dread from the idea of death and I swore on that day that I would find a way to never die. The biggest problem was that it wasn't just a one day thing; I read into the shit, like 90% of my scientific knowledge now was from that single idea that I could potentially live forever. Catcher in the rye, I have the strange urge to kill John Lennon.. Came here to say this. Fuck that book.