["Want to ruin friendships?\n\nTry Diplomacy. ", "Risk is child's play compared to Diplomacy", "Exactly! Why involve dice when you can play a game whose chance mechanics are based on secrets and lies?", "PS- never play with other people and their siblings. \n\nTraitorous Scum", "Or your spouse.", "Depends on how well the siblings get along. :)", "No they will always help each other if it means you die. they can fight for world domination after you are dead.", "That depends. My sister will side against me 9/10 times if she knows the third party. That has more to do with me being an ass and wanting to stir things up in board games. It is just so boring when no body actively attacks anyone else.", "That sounds great. Now I want to play this. I hate RNG in games.", "RNGesus hates you too. And me. And everyone.", "What is RNG?", "Random Number Generator.", "Or random number god", "Random Number Generator\n\nor Random Number Gods if you like tvtropes", "Never play with people you want to remain friends with. Diplomacy is the friendship killer. You will hate at least one opponent by the end. The Surgeon General should put a sticker on the box: \"WARNING: CONTENTS HAZARDOUS TO COLLEGIAL RELATIONSHIPS\".\n\nSeriously. You have been warned.", "We beat friendships, kicks to the balls, the works when we play Diplomacy. Its a Christmas tradition, can't wait...only a couple more weeks :D", "Came here to demand that Diplomacy be brought up, was not disappointed!", "Came here to demand that someone demand this, life is sweet!", "Played 6 hours with college friends, 7 years later we still do not discuss that night.", "I got transferred from one project at work to another 6 months after a 4 turn series of backstabs that got a single unit from from Russia to the middle of Germany. \n\nMinutes after I got the email, the lead showed up at my door and yelled \"THIS IS FOR GERMANY!\" \n\nPeople do not forget.\n\nAlso: Screw you forever, Belgium! ", "Apparently you backstab the same guy twice and he has trust issues with you in all future games. Now we play Twilight Imperium and he needs to know if this is the Earth or Space version of me when we negotiate.", "Prussia is always the best. Promise Russia your love and friendship, support them in all their battles, rejoice over your combined takeover of Italy and pacification of the German threat, then motherfuckin *stab* Russia right in the Moscow. ", "6 hours? My last game lasted over a year, with each turn taking a week and involved hacking into a friends email, creating phishing fake account and even impersonating each other.. ", "Sounds like how the US treats her allies ", "Gosh that sounds terrible...", "Terribly awesome? yes it does sound that way.", "So... like real diplomacy?", "The events that transpired that night shall never be unearthed.", "Try the original Civilization. Spend 7 hours and you're still not finished yet everyone wants to murder everyone else. Oh, you gave me a calamity? Fuck you, here's a worse calamity!", "That wasn't my navy you attacked while backstabbing me that was my ship... my friendship.\n\n*I'll just see myself out*", "Aw, come back, that one was good...", "Yeah, now's not the time to quit cold Turkey.", "Thats next friday", "Where's he Russian off to?", "I have yet to play in person, but I have seen people hate each other after playing just online, with no prior relations. Diplomacy is really intense.", "I was once involved in a week-long game of diplomacy. After the fourth day we only played because we felt like we have to finish what we started. Almost got in a fight over it.  \nAnd in the end, the group of 16-17 years olds lost to the 9 years old kid. We are yet to figure out how.", "My guess is that none of you could bring yourselves to be cruel to the child.", "We used to play it one move a week.  Yeah, that's right, a whole week of making and breaking alliances before anyone submitted their moves.  It was torture.", "Yeh I noticed this as well. Everytime my group of friends who play introduce one of our noob friends we seem to go easy on him and forget about him while cutting each others throat. The noob tends to win the first time but after that all's fair. ", "Or Axis and Allies", "I love this game! It's too bad it's so damn expensive ", "and takes so fucking long.", "I like the length ", "I bet you do.", "If you know what I mean", "Nudge nudge.", "Wink wink", "I'm a fan of the girth myself.", "I've had an axis and allies game last 4 years. ", "I thought this was a WWII joke...", "Longest I've gone is 12 hours of continuous play. The U.S. player was dicking around building armor instead of his pacific navy. You gotta knock out Japan early on if you want the game to stay under 8 hours. That was the closet that the Axis ever came to victory. ", "I was japan once, everyone feared me after the 5 hour mark...", "Axis and Allies is that shit, it's like risk 2.0", "Oh christ, We had to spend the first day and a half just learning the rules.", "Right on!!!  As soon as I saw this my first thought was Axis and Allies.", "I came here to say just that.\nIt's like Risk but the ONLY way to win is to lie and backstab.", "I always saw this comment and didn't believe there could be such an outcome. However after 4 games of diplomacy I have so far lost 2 friends.", "Always wanted to play Diplomacy, but its so danged long.", "I haven't had time lately, but I like playing online games with 1-2 day turns. Just check a few times per day and it's a fun ongoing thing.", "Where can you do this at? I've played a couple times through an old forum I was a part of and I loved the hell out of it, but I haven't ever heard of any other group of people interested. ", "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cx.ath.troja.droidippy\n\nSeems there is an Android version.", "http://www.playdiplomacy.com/", "playdiplomacy.com is the one I and a a bunch of people back in HS used.", "Diplomacy has one major drawback to successfully ruining friendships, it is difficult to convince your would-be ex-friends to dedicate themselves to learning and playing a strategic war game which will take days to complete. Because of this, I suggest [Intrigue](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/265/intrigue) as an alternative which is similarly evil, but much lighter, and therefore easier to lure people in.", "No kidding...in every game of Intrigue I've played at least one person was pissed off and everyone required a cool-down period.  It's an evil freaking game.", "The Game of Thrones boardgame is a gorgeous and faithful reimplementation of Diplomacy. Games still take forever (4-5 hours) but it's down from the days it might take for Diplomacy.\n\nhttp://www.amazon.com/Game-Thrones-The-Board-Second-Edition/dp/1589947207", "Imagine getting them to learn [this.](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/4815/the-campaign-for-north-africa)", "This game was an annual tradition on Christmas Day among me and my cousins for many years.  It was always nice to supplant a time of giving and selflessness with harsh, unflinching cruelty and backstabbing.", "I have a friend that I still call Russia after a particularly good game. We're much better friends now than we were before.\n\nItaly, however, still refuses to talk to me. ", "I would have said this exact thing if I was here 4 hours ago. My friends and I joke that we're only friends because we only allow ourselves to pull that game out once a year.", "Holy smokes, this is the truth people. My friends and I get together and play \"Dibromacy\" every couple months. Shit get heated. One of my friends screwed me over and broke the Black Sea Concordat. Needless to say I didn't speak to him for a few days.", "Werewolf/Mafia makes you realize that none of your friends are trustworthy.", "I too, wanted to bring up Diplomacy...My 32 year old best friend threw a complete and utter tantrum, because I lied to him and aligned with another dude.  We were even warned in the game store not to buy the game...We were warned!  It only made us want it more...Big mistake, never again.\n", "The Ukraine is weak!", "\"The Ukraine? You know what the Ukraine is, it's a sitting duck. A road apple, Newman. The Ukraine is weak. It's feeble.\"", "I think it's time to put the hurt on the Ukraine. ", "http://i.imgur.com/AHRDgx3.gif", "\"Ukraine is strong! You are weak!\" *throws the board across the subway", "[Ukraine is game to you?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzLtF_PxbYw)", "For me, Risk is always going to be associated with that Seinfeld episode.", "came here for the sole purpose of upvoting the user who posted this comment", "\"Okay, let's roll.\"\n\n*Rolls*\n\n\"Yes! Take two-\"\n\n\"FUCK YOU I KNOW TAKE TWO I CAN FUCKING SEE THE FUCKING DICE ASSHOLE\"", "KAMIKAZI!!!!!!!!!! KAMI KAMI KAMIKAZIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!1\n\nAnyone else watch undergrads?", "If you are finishing a game of Risk as fast as a game of Monopoly, you must suck at Risk.", "OR he playes it with the original rules", "Playing with the original rules will make a game of Monopoly finish much more quickly than a good game of Risk. Skyrick's point was that if the game of Risk is ending that quickly, you must suck because armies are being wiped out too quickly.", "I've always thought the original rules of risk encouraged aggressive play. The turtlers make the game go on longer but almost never win, in my experience. ", "For the first several turns, then everyone has secured their starting regions and turtles for the next several hours.", "Except the guy who understands that conquering a region on your turn gets you a card, and cards get turned in to give you more armies. If you notice people holding back, that's the time to invest. ", "Nobody wants to be that guy in my experience. Why get a low return for those cards when the cap goes up on every turn-in? Inevitably you reach hand limit and someone has to turn in, but I'm not going to voluntarily take that first hit because cards go up in value VERY quickly.", "Aggressive and calculated Risk play is always the best strategy IMO. Unless you are allowing other players to duke it out while you build soldiers, turtlers are fools. All I have to do is take one of your territories to deny you the soldiers you get for holding a continent for a turn. Then I have the upper hand in numbers and the game can end very quickly.\n\nOf course you do have to be careful who and when you attack. Knowing the personalities of the people your playing with is crucial. ", "ive actually done the math on risk. as a rule: aggressiveness gets rewarded, at least if you only go by the math\n\n* if you have 4 units or more: always attack, the odds are in your favor\n* if you have 3 units in one country: attack a country with one unit defending.\n* if you have 2 units or less: defend\n\nwhen defending, use the most units available to you:\n\n* if you have 2 or more units defend with two, or your odds get reduced  significantly\n* if you have one: better hope you get lucky\n\nas for strategy, the same rules apply, since you get more units, the more countries you control, in my experience dont ever bother with asia, unless you abolutely have to. there are too many different points of attack, to effectively defend that continent, unless you are winning already.\n\neurope works similarily to asia, though its somewhat easier to defend.\n\nnorth america is hard to conquer, easy to hold\n\nafrica is a good stating point, though somewhat hard to hold.\n\nsouth america is kinda easy to hold, though not as easy as australia.\n\naustralia is turtle heaven. put your armies into siam (if its still called that in newer versions of the game), so noone can take asia, and you have a buffer country. getting out of australia is somewhat difficult though, and once youve been pushed back into australia, its extremely hard to get out of it.\n\nas for psychological aspects: i usually ignore them. theres too much guesswork involved, especially into what someone needs to control, to win, and what he just wants as a means to an end. my family usually ignored them as well, so it never occurred, taht \"hate alliances\" are formed. its also somewhat risky, in that some players need to \"destroy another player\" in order to win. yyour best option usually is to play disruptive, so that noone else wins, and go for targets of opportunity. at least thats how i won, if i did.", "&gt; if you have one: better hope you get lucky\n\nunless it's on goddamned japan. Then you're safe for at least fucking 15 rolls.", "You sir, have determined truths known to the greatest Military tactician known to civilization, Sun Tzu.\n\n\"It is the rule in war, if ten times the enemy's strength, surround them; if five times, attack them; if double, be able to divide them; if equal, engage them; if fewer, be able to evade them; if weaker, be able to avoid them.\"", "Play with fixed values. 4 for trip soldier, 6 for trip horses, 8 for trip cannons, 10 for all 3.", "That's how I was taught to play and how I will always play. I refuse to start a game with the nonsensical incrementally increasing hoards of fuckarmies. ", "Players basically end up wiping the board every time they turn in.", "The problem in multiplayer games is when a guy spends his resources attacking (armies/risk cards) he is making himself weaker.  This leaves him open to get smashed by his neighbors.", "So there is a risk factor you say?", "The plan of attack:\n\n1. Secure connected territory. Preferably a continent, but don't kill yourself trying to get one. As many countries you can hold with as few borders as you can manage.\n\n2. Probably by the time everyone has 3/4 cards, there will be one player who should be taken out. If you can do it and maintain your borders, do it.  If not, wait until you can.\n\n3. By the 6th or 7th turn of the game, card sets are sufficiently valuable enough to merit quick movement.  You have a brief period of opportunity wherein cardsets are valuable enough to help you win the game, but not so valuable that you lose when someone else cashes in before you can take them out.\n\n4. Prioritize kills based on number of armies, number of cards, and ease of securing borders.  Be careful not to half-kill someone who has 4 or 5 cards.\n\n5.  Take out the guy turtling in Australia. Remind him nobody likes him and just because he got second place doesn't mean that he's good at this game. Never invite the turtle back. This is war, not U.N. \n\n6. Enjoy the spoils of war.", "the original rules of Monopoly state that if a player passes on buying a property, the bank auctions it off to the highest bidder.  More properties are acquired quicker and the game moves much faster.", "I play by that rule and it still takes way too long for anything to happen. I blame shitty dice rolls and the fact that everyone gives shitty offers for trades.", "True but I can't recall how often someone passes up buying a property. Our method is acquire property and once all are gone start making deals. I usually try to guide the deals so that everyone has a fighting chance (with me having the best chance). There is another quick game where you deal out some of the properties at the start.\n", "If you play Monopoly by the rules, it only takes about 70 minutes to complete...", "Or he plays with friends who suck at strategy games. Just take Australia ASAP post all your troops in southern Asia, expand every turn and win. That's all the strategy it takes for me to win with friends.", "I had a friend who did the same thing. We had a three way war going with me holding the Americas, him Australia and Asia and a third friend in Africa and Europe. I was letting them fight it out until friend 2 fled into Canada. I start fighting him while friend 1 sweeps across Europe and wipes out my forces in Africa as my main force was in Quebec. Eventually I got pinned between two literal piles of pieces with only one piece left because I had to fight a war on two fronts.", "indeed australia at start is how you win which is why RISK is kind of lame; Australia is way too powerful because it has only 1 border.", "I find South America is way better.  Only 2 borders, and gives more troops.  Better option of expansion, given that North and South America can be held together with 3 borders and tons of troops.  Then spread to Africa and Europe to prepare for the assault on Asia and Australia.", "South America and Australia give the same troop bonus (2)", "I'm remembering it (wrongly) as 3, but the stuff about my strategy has held true for many games now.  This strategy almost ended my 3 year relationship.\n\n(ok not really but we did fight)", "There are advantages to both. They each give two additional armies per turn. However, Australia has only one border but you have to go through Asia to really advance. South America has two borders but it is much easier to have a stronger attack on either North America or Africa. With Asia you have to take longer to ensure you'll still be safe.", "south america doesnt give more troops ", "YES! Get that 1 territory in North America AND Africa and defend those. You get more armies than Australia AND you prevent 2 groups from holding continents. ", "Doing this caused the biggest fight me and my SO ever had.  She really wanted Africa and was getting pressured by a horde coming out of Afghanistan.", "Aus is only powerful if you let it be. If it's winning you games then the people you play with are bad, if you're letting people win games with it then you're bad, extremely unlucky, or always start in America =P", "The problem is 3 other people want Australia, so you waste armies trying to capture it. Even if you do capture it, someone will block you by putting all their armies on the Asian border. Then you lose, because you aren't getting any cards, and only a measly 2 armies per round.", "Until more than one player also does their initial placement in Australia. Then there's an arms race and the fate of that player is decided in the first turn of combat.\n\nThen the player(s) who lose are pretty much out for the next hour (minus a few random stragglers across the board).", "Yeah I only remember finishing a few games of Monopoly, because it just took to damn long. ", "monopoly only takes like 45 minutes, 60 tops to finish. Why as it taking you so long?", "I know a lot of people bypass the auction rule; as in you can only buy a property when you're the one who lands on it. That could be why.", "Also, fines go to the bank, not to the middle to be collected on Free Parking, and there is no $500 (or whatever) seeding the \"Free Parking\" pot each time it is collected. Free Parking is just a space where nothing happens. If you think about it the goal of Monopoly is to get people to go bankrupt, so the more money you add to the game (or keep in the game), the longer it takes.", "Please explain this \"auction rule\" to me, I feel I've only been playing half the game whenever I've played now ", "Basically, if you land on an unowned property, you have two choices: purchase outright or public auction. If you decide not to purchase it outright, the property goes to public auction and any player can bid.\n\nAdditionally, after a player goes bankrupt to the Bank, the Banker immediately auctions ALL of the bankrupted player's properties to the highest bidder (except buildings), and bidding starts at any price.", "This opens up a whole new world of monopoly for me, thank you all! \n\nI should probably start reading the manufacturer suggestions of things", "&gt;the manufacturer suggestions of things\n\nYou mean the rules? ", "I don't play by anyone's rules! ", "You know.... that piece of paper you threw away in 1978.", "It also adds a little bit of strategy.  You can buy a property outright, sure, but if you notice other players have run low on cash (such as in the first turns when people are buying everything they land on), you simply refuse to buy the property and bid the minimum amount needed to outbid everyone else for it.", "For future reference, taking advantage of a situational opportunity is tactics.  Not strategy.", "This would make the game go so much faster. I have always played where you can only buy a place if you land on it and it is not already owned but you can trade properties during your move if you decide not to buy.", "It's funny how everyone plays Monopoly by these sort of folklore rules. I think most people know that the one about Free Parking getting all the money from fines is unofficial, but I don't think anyone I know had a clue that we were supposed to be auctioning off properties.", "Yea, that rule sucks, because everyone ends up bidding $1 because they spent all their money in previous bidding wars.", "If someone decides not to buy it goes to the highest bidder", "Still havent finished a game of risk, they virtually all end with a fist fight knocking over the board. Risk has been banned.", "Ugh, this reminds me of high school.\n\nBack in high school i got the game RISK. I used to throw \"RISK\" parties where a few friends would come over, my parents would let us have a few beers and we would play RISK well into the wee hours.\n\nThat is to say, my friends would play RISK and I would have to watch.\n\nYou see, the very first time we played, I had a pretty good run and controlled a couple of countries. Nothing too major, but i had a couple of lucky rolls. My friends determined I was somehow the best RISK player on earth and all teamed up on me to eliminate the greatest threat. \n\nI was out within the first hour.\n\nAfter that, every time we played RISK, they all ganged up on me, knocked me out and kept playing.\n\nI haven't played RISK since.", "Axis and Allies. Much longer. ", "And so much more vicious right from the first turn. Playing the Japanese ... to Pearl Harbour or not to Pearl Harbour?", "\"Since they'll expect me to attack Pearl Harbour, the only way to maintain an element of surprise is not to attack. At least that's what they think - looks like it's time to attack Pearl Harbour\".", "Any time I've seen a Japanese player not Pearl Harbor, they very quickly get pushed back to just Japan and spend the rest of the game being bombarded by the American fleet surrounding them and the German player hates them for being useless.", "I've seen a couple of bad rolls result in the eventual Japanese takeover of Asia, from a factory on the mainland. It's been a long time since I've played, though.", "I can never keep up with the US if I go hard on land in asia, some armor on USSR's back end can make em fall fast though. ", "Or, instead of pouring so many resources into an expensive naval war, steamroll Eastern Russia and Germany loves you.", "The game seems to hinge on whether Germany can steamroll Russia's infantry with panzers. The other players pretty much just watch. That happens, then hitler quits if it doesn't work, and it only works about 1/3 of the time. The other players are just getting started by the time the game is over.", "Well... yes, but whether or not that happens really depends on how the other players play.  It is a humongous chain reaction leading to the outcome of that front.\n\nFor example, if Japan forces USSR to divert to the Eastern front (or lose a lot of economy) Germany's job is a lot easier, but if US puts enough pressure on Japan that they can't afford that then Russia can focus on the Western front.  UK can also steal Japan's economy in the South Pacific.  Also, if UK can poke Southern Europe or Western Europe while Germany over-invests in Eastern Europe they can lose a lot of economy causing there to be a drop in tank production causing the assault on Russia to crumble.\n\nBasically, yes, usually Russia and/or Germany is the first to fall, but only a very uncreative Germany hinges their entire campaign on Russia while ignoring everyone else.  There are ways to hedge your bets better.  Hitler quitting is the natural decay of the game where the Axis's initial troop advantage decays into the Allie's economy advantage.  If Germany and Japan get into the economy game (Africa and Western Asia respectively) better they have a much better chance in the long game.", "ITT: history is now a science.", "This always comes up, and it amuses me because technically the timeline of the game starts immediately AFTER Pearl Harbor when US enters the war.", "Technically the US goes last, so when the US DOES go, it's AFTER Pearl Harbor.", "[This version is especially vicious and takes longer.](http://imgur.com/a/zEvYT)", "Harbour? It's an American place please use the correct spelling\n", "Odds that you've ever been to the Rogers Centre?", "It's the Skydome.", "And far better. Risk just isnt the same after you've played Axis and Allies!", "I own this game but none of my friends are willing to try and play it with me. It's been sitting in my cabinet for years. Such a waste. I've never played but I am dying to with the mention I've seen of it in board game threads recently. ", "A friend and I set this game up for 2 hours, played a couple of rounds, and had to quit. Haha", "http://triplea.sourceforge.net/", "It's got a high learning curve and is a bit of a mental drain if you play it seriously. Bit if you can find this right people it's INSANELY fun", "I've played that game for days before...", "My friends and I will start at 10am and play until it's over. Our shortest game lasted until 4am the nex morning", "Good luck ever finishing a game.", "It took like an hour just to set up all the pieces in their correct places. There was no room for error with that diagram", "I always go into board game comment threads to hunt down this game and upvote it, as it is the best and extremely underrecognized.", "Try Risk Legacy. The shit talking actually gets written on the board.", "+100 for Risk Legacy. We're maybe 8-10 games in, and every game is a blast. The hardest part is getting new people to try it because they hear \"risk\" and get terrified. \n\nNo. Really. Play this game with us. The game goes fast enough that you can get two or even three in a night. The fact that you haven't won on this board gives you an advantage against the rest of us. You get to scribble all over my board. You will not regret this.", "...explain further. I'm interested in what you have to say. ", "After each game, you put a sticker on the board, or name a continent, or a city.  Doing one of these gives you an advantage.  If certain requirements are met, you open an envelope that literally changes the rules of the game.  You play about 15 games, and each game affects the next.  It's pretty awesome and only $20 on [Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Hasbro-JUN118204-Risk-Legacy/dp/B005J146MI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1384905425&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=risk+legacy) right now, but there's only 2 left so you better hurry.", "Aaaaaand it's $42.89.", "There's a bunch of envelopes, too, not just one. It's an amazing game if you get a good group together.", "Risk Legacy is amazing. The factions are unique (each with their own plastic pieces), they can be upgraded over the course of multiple games, and many pages in the rulebook are blank or overwritten when envelopes are opened.", "If you win, you get to signs our name to the game board and can write a quote. We typically write a quite that was said during that particular game. Once you play it you will never play vanilla risk again.", "If you like Risk Legacy be sure to take a look at [Seafall](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/148261/seafall). I got to playtest a few sessions and it was a ton of fun. The same guy made Legacy so he's taking some of the legacy stuff and putting it on a brand new IP. ", "Drunk Risk: Take a Country, Take a Drink.\n\nThe better you do, the more drunk you get.  Levels the playing field while at the same time it makes everyone a wild card", "Our drunk risk rules:  \nEvery drink you finish gives you three additional armies. This scales based on the number of sets turned in. It's great to watch a early battle where each side is chugging their drink to gain a slight advantage.  \nEvery time you made a pact with another player you each take a celebratory shot.  \nBefore you break a truce, you take a shot. It announces to the game that you're about to do so and puts everyone on edge.  ", "Similar to Smashed Bros.\n\nWinner takes a shot, loser gives up his controller.", "I've nearly come to blows over Settlers of Catan.", "im horribly disappointed that i had to scroll this far to see settlers.  the one time i played the game i cut the map in half with roads and after that i never spoke to those people again.  ", "I HAVE come to blows over Settlers of Catan. \n\nI wanted that longest road, goddamnit. ", "I was a first-time player at a game my brother and his friends were playing. i had a very slow start but I had a lot of sheeplands and a couple markets. sneaked up on them. My last straw was seizing the longest road from my brother. He had snaked along the coast. I cut both sides of his coast off and joined my seemingly small branches of roads. It was sweet. ", "Settlers is one of those games that often ends with someone flipping the board. ", "\"Fuck you and your fucking wood bro. Take my fucking sheeps!\"", "Try Lord of the Rings Risk. Friendships aren't as easily ruined in middle earth.", "[Go big or go home.](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/115746/war-of-the-ring-second-edition)", "might as well just /r/warhammer at that point.", "WAAAAGH!", "I remember once playing that straight from like 9pm until about noon the next day. \n\nTwo of the players quit around 5am and granted me and the other guy their armies, and it took forever to finish.", "How? the point of LOTR is that the ring will end up at Mt. Doom, effectively keeping the game length checked.", "try it with this board...then talk about ruining friendships!\n\nthis is my buddies and i table!\nhttp://imgur.com/a/uFhkz", "Now don't get me wrong, I think this is unbelievably awesome (the number of territories alone is incredible). But I really think you should have sprung for full color. It might have ended up costing $50 at FedEx Office, but it would have been worth it.", "If you ever want to go bigger, [these guys took it to the next level.](http://www.instructables.com/id/Build-and-Play-WAR-ROOM-RISK/)", "Do you have some sort of file or something that can print that board? It looks awesome. ", "That's impressive, looks pretty damn awesome. \n\nHow does it affect strategy? Must be harder to take Europe with all the smaller countries packed in there... have you adjusted continent bonuses to compensate?", "That is awesome. But... is that kid... wearing a fedora? ", "You *need* one of those little sticks they use to move troop markers on maps in the movies.", "We played this in Iraq. Luckily a gust of wind came through and blew the board off the MRE boxes we were using as a table because I think a fight was about to break out. \n", "I've yet to see Twilight Imperium mentioned. Try taking Risk, throwing it in space, and then tossing some Settlers kidnapped from Catan at it. Not to mention the setup time if you're teaching people for the first time...", "It takes so. Long. Very awesome game, but you gotta commit some serious time to learning and understanding how the mechanics of fighting and diplomacy of the game work.", "I won my very first game of risk even though I had no idea how to play. I befriended and then betrayed every single person in the game. ", "They always trust the newcomers. Everybody has to band together against that salty dog Limeade and then they turn around and realize the person they feared the least has been left unchecked the entire game.\n\nBah. Fools.\n\n[](/twisquint)", "I play the Game of Thrones board game, which is like Risk mixed with Diplomacy. After a number of games, a trend appeared. Either someone trusted me and I betrayed them to win, or they failed to interfere with another friend's expansion, and he won. I canonized rules:\n\nRule 1: Don't let \"Bob\" win.\n\nRule 2: Don't trust DeShawn.\n\nNow we each cite the \"rules\" when trying to convince third parties to fight the other.[](/ppshrug) ", "Risk only ruins friendships if you suck at Risk. Or if you just can't handle that one or all of your friends MIGHT just be an asshole who even though it will spread his army too thin WILL fight just to make sure you lose that continent bonus. \n\nBut if you go in expecting all of your friends to be the assholes that they are -- and they ARE assholes, because you're all agreeing to play Risk, so being an asshole is a prerequisite -- everyone has a great time.", "I played with a group of friends, all of whom fancied ourselves smarter than the others. Also a self-proclaimed communist (in high school). \n\nWe made a pact to destroy communism in the world, conquer, and meet at the center of the world. \n\nOur commie friend was removed in three turns, and we fought back to back against the other players. When we met with massive armies in Eastern Europe, we looked up and shook hands. \n\nGame over.", "Monopoly takes so long because people have all these moronic house rules, whereby they keep pouring money into the system. Oh, you landed on free parking? Have some money. Of course the game never ends if you don't let anybody go broke! \n\nPlayed properly--no freebies, no loans, and property auctions -- monopoly takes 1-1.5 hours. ", "Most people don't even know what the real rules are.  I love Monopoly but not using the bastardized rules most people play by.  The game gets a bad rap due to all the crappy house rules out there.\n\n", "IMVHO Monopoly was poorly designed and un-fun before all the crappy house rules.  That is why all the crappy house rules were made.  The crappy house rules just transferred the poor design problems to other areas.", "It was meant to be crappy, the rich get richer and the poor go broke really fast.", "Yup, but then it turned into a 'classic' and now it's 1 of the 5 games that non-gamers know exists, and is evidence to them that board games are dumb.", "Can you explain your opinion?\n\nThe point of the game is that you leverage your lead to win.  You're trying to gain a small advantage over other players that you can leverage rapidly to endgame.  The game is designed to force players to buy properties fast (via auctions), and you'll frequently be bidding just to keep someone else from getting them.\n\nSince you will always lose without that early lead, people spend their money fast, and then go bankrupt really quick once someone else gets that lead and they land on a rent square.\n\n\n\nThe \"house rules\" to make it \"more fun\" are designed to make the game less competitive.  Parents didn't want to make their kids feel bad by engaging in bidding wars.  So they took out the bidding function.  They put in other house rules (like free parking giving money) to redistribute money.\n\nAll of these have the effect of slowing the game down.  Properties sell slower, people can recover from being in a losing position by getting lucky.\n\n\nThe point of monopoly was to illustrate how capitalism naturally results in big winners leveraging over everyone else.  The house rules, amusingly, socialize it.  And suddenly, the game becomes a random crapshoot that takes three hours instead of 30 minutes to 1 hour.\n\n\nWhat is poorly designed about the proper game?  It's dramatically faster paced.", "The only thing I've ever seen the manual opened for was confirming the money at the beginning. It was anarchy after that.", "Auctions are in the rules. If you decline to buy a property it goes up for auction.", "Sorry, i phrased it poorly. I meant that it's a rule which i find is often excluded. ", "Clearly you have never played Diplomacy...\n\nThen again Diplomacy probably has a perfect record at ruining friendships", "[False](http://i.imgur.com/EhrJ6P6.jpg).", "If you didn't want me to steal all your stars, you shouldn't have had all the stars.", "Mario Party\n\n[1](http://assets.scumbagsteve.com/hashed_silo_content/080/7d2/e8c/resized/borrows-n64-controller-to-set-records-in-mario-party-5fbfea.jpg)\n\n[2](http://chewthedirt.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/mario_party_hand_blister_by_chrismmiller-d3dh4m6.png)\n\n\nThe controller destroyer, I remember after a few rounds of Mario Party, the joystick gets all loose lol\n\n", "That's why they also made Smash. Don't like losing to Peach? Destroy her avatar.", "My mom eventually banned my dad, my brother and me from playing Risk because none of us could handle it. Absolutely including my father. He had a spirited victory dance akin to a medley of the Bluth family's chicken dances. And it definitely made us cry harder.", "[Seven extra men at the beginning of every go, but you could never fucking hold it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpcxfsjIIbM)", "I remember playing risk in my bedroom with friends as a kid. We would all piss out the window because we were afraid if someone left the others would cheat.", "So instead we cheated while you r back was turned to us, while you peed out the window.", "I'm sure they kept eye contact. They seemed pretty serious about it. Urinal etiquette doesn't apply in times of war.", "That's both disgusting and incredible at the same time.", "This is nothing, try Axis and Allies.", "I know how to end a game in one round of turns. I call it the \"army of assholes.\"\n\nWhenever you get tired of playing, gradually move ALL possible pieces to one territory. Then try to conquor the world in one turn.\n\nNo matter how cautious your opponents are, their front lines won't be able to stop that many attackers. Once behind the front lines, you can run rampant.\n\nI have never won using this move. But it starts a chain of chaos that enables someone to win quickly.", "I would like to suggest the Game of Thrones Board Game. A game predicated on the idea of backstabbing and deal-making in equal measures. Online especially. Games take hours while people hash out deals that they will betray a moment later. Never has a game better represented the intrigue of the GoT.", "Risk is bad, but settlers of Catan is fucking ruthless. There is not even any fighting in it! I turn into a very despicable human being", "[Speaking of ruining friendships....](http://www.cuhkacs.org/~henryporter/blog/up/1123413026_10633281571063328157diplomacy%2Bgame.jpg)", "I always let my friends know we pause being friends whenever we start a game of Settlers of Catan.", "I see someone has never played Settlers of Catan.", "Settlers of Catan&gt;", "If any game ruins friendships it's Diplomacy.", "Obviously, you have never played Diplomacy", "A everything is going fine nice oh you motherfucker sneaking in from behind and stopping my territory bonus.", "Axis and Allies ruins my friendships.", "Because someone dies of natural causes before the game is completed? ", "During rainy days in the summer, my friends and I all get together and play either this, Axis and Allies, or Shogun ", "\"If you join the Student Council, I'll let you have Australia!\"", "http://i.imgur.com/XS5LK.gif", "Civ 5 can take longer than monopoly, especially if you're playing against real people.", "I was once on a cruise vacation with a girlfriend, and on one of the sea days we decided to check out some of the board games, there was another young (under 40 is young on cruises) couple there and we decided it might be fun to play risk together to kill some time.\n\nAfter the game, we never made eye contact ever again, and I'm pretty sure if I had fallen overboard in front of them at some point they would not have called for help. \n\nThe name of the game is exceptionally appropriate. ", "Twilight Imperium.", "Twilight Imperium.", "Diplomacy ", "Which is the children's version of Axis and Allies.", "~~Risky click~~", "We always finish Risk in under 2 hours. Our rule is 'if you can fuck with someone, you have to do it'. Instead of building up borders and gaining territory we just attack each other constantly. It's fun.", "games where you can only win by ruining every other player tends to end badly, unless you get a good group together.", "you have obviously never played munchkin", "Did you never play Axis &amp; Allies?", "When you start kicking ass, then people make \"alliances\" agaisnt you.... Grrrr.\n\nEs ist unfair!!!", "\"But you're the greatest threat! So we take you out now so we can fight eachother later!\"\nI swear my friends play like 2+ people can win the game &gt;&lt;", "Screw friendships.  I used to play all six teams myself.  If you could keep yourself from picking favorites, the game was awesome.  A little chance, a little strategy...  ", "I generally bide my time in Australia", "you've never played twilight imperium I see", "Well a friendship of mine came close to being ruined.\n\nFive of my friends and I began a game of Risk at about 11pm one night (bad idea? Bad idea). After two hours four us remained and a stalemate lasted until about 4 in the morning. One of my friends had locked himself into Australia and another friend had asked me for an alliance to crush his forces. Whether it was the amount of Mountain Dew in his blood stream or the lack of sleep, Mr. Australia began creepily laughing ever here and there as he feel into a deep dark place in his mind. And then it happened. \n\nIn one long, aggressive turn, he charged out of Australia, up through Asia into North America, over to Europe and down into Africa, and then finished his turn in South America. The board was littered with one-man countries of Mr. Australia's troops. The next turn involved a similar situation as what he had done, but now he was on the recieving end. He was knocked out just like that. \n\nOh but the game didn't end there. No, he was too twitchy and neurotic to stop now. Mr. Australia then proceeded to grab all the dice and hurl them as fast as he could into different areas of the room, and stormed out. The rest of us remained stunned and dazed, and my mother definitely had a word or two about waking her up in the middle of the night. \n\nTL;DR Dont play Risk with people you want to remain close friends with. ", "Risk is also far superior to Monopoly", "That's the weirdest munchkin set I've ever seen.", "I call bullshit, Risk is much more harming", "Not a board game, but Neptune's Pride. Takes waaaay longer, and destroys friendships with startling ease.", "Arkham Horror is still longer, in general.", "How cute, Play Battlestar Galactica board game and come back to me.", "OP has obviously never played [Escape from Colditz](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escape_from_Colditz)\n\nPlaying without the time limit rule made monopoly seem like an afternoon luncheon.", "When they rebranded the Ukraine territory as Russia a few years ago, they destroyed [a great seinfeld joke.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzLtF_PxbYw)", "The only game where going to australia is a good idea.", "Monopoly only takes a long time if you play it wrong, which most people do.", "Yous sir, have never heard of a little game called munchkin.", "Australia will never surrender!", "Or Munchkin...", "I wont play this game without a lawyer...", "Have you ever played Civilization 5 with friends.  Takes forever and you can get into nuclear wars with your friends.", "Risk? Diplomacy?\npsh\nTwilight Imperium", "You've obviously never played Twilight Imperium.", "Munchkin is a pretty deadly game for friendships. ", "I think Munchkin is the more obvious friendship killer. I almost punched my best friend in the mouth over it.", "Ha, that's cute.  Try [this](http://images.bit-tech.net/content_images/2011/04/civilization-board-game-review/Civ-1.jpg) on for size.", "I'm more of an Axis and Allies guy personally.", "You should try Axis and Allies. Like risk except a billion times more complicated. ", "And so boring.", "My friends always played Axis and Allies... Is that similar to Risk? ", "Axis and Allies", "Axis and Allies is a more appropriate comparison.", "[One time](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MH619vxtNdo) at a summer camp I went to as an older teenager, me and some dudes decided to stay up in the mess hall and play Risk. 3 guys, 1am in the morning, alone in a mess hall. We got to a point where we just yelled at each other every time we lost a battle. And the game was going on for fucking ever, but we couldn't stop. We just started making piles of toast and living off of that during the game. The game ended and we were all pissed, but we realized it was 3am, pitch black out, and our respective cabins were at the other side of camp (which was in the middle of the thickest forest in Oregon). So we just slept on the shitty couches they had in the mess hall. I remember that night so well cause it was the most terrified I've been in a forest... Everyone's asleep and I'm just staring at a spoon hanging in the kitchen cause it was definitely a demon. ", "Axis and Allies anyone? ", "I'm considered the best Risk player in my group of friends. I'd say it's the luck of the dice and the stupid decisions of my friends. They try forming alliances, yet get pissed at each other for not attacking me soon enough, get paranoid, and attack their ally. Then I just take their territory. Eventually, there's me owning most of the board and them in a couple territories before they realize they made a mistake. And this game has ruined relationships. Word to you RISK players out there: Don't ever defeat your significant other. You might win the battle, but you lose the war.", "I feel like Russian Roulette would be even better at ruining friendships...", "There's always Axis and Allies, which accomplishes the same feat in just ten hours!", "Axis &amp; Allies", "Clearly never played Settlers Of Catan.", "Axis and Allies takes longer and ruins even more friendships and families", "shout out to /r/boardgames for games that will improve friendships! ", "* We have a semi-regular game at work. So last year the new girl agrees to play. The new, VERY gullible girl. \n\n* Someone said to her \"We are glad to have you. Ms. X used to play, but she quit after BikerJedi pissed on the board.\"\n\n* Me: \"Yeah, I was losing and got pissed off so I just stood up, whipped it out, and pissed all over the board. They call me the urinator now.\" \n\n* She threw down the dice and pieces in her hands pretty damn fast.\n\n* Good times. That and secret winks and nods to make an unspoken alliance so you can gang rape the other guy - awesome.", "Axis and allies, now thats how you lose some friends", "I love both monopoly AND Risk, but I had this one friend who would get drunk on beer(cases at a time) and play risk... And he was a dick. His Risk set, so he always had to be black, and he would stop people from gaining bonuses... Yeah.", "Risk...Risking friendships that is.", "I played this with my buddies the other day after not playing it for several years.  We barely remembered how to play and ended up spending an hour relearning the rules.  We only played for 30 minutes and gave us.", "The Ukraine is weak.", "Ah, the father of turn-based strategy and possibly my favorite board game.  ", "A long game like Risk and Monopoly that can ruin friendships but also usually ends after about 6-8 hours is Rail Baron. A lot like Monopoly but you control train tracks across the US and earn money traveling back and forth. It's probably a monopoly spin off but it's very old and i'm not actually sure which one came first but it's amazingly fun.", "Yep, my dad hated this game because I always kicked his ass at it.", "Risk takes longer though I had a game of monopoly run for a few days... We owned the whole board and got into a very strange stale mate. We gave the bank money after passing go after a while since the bank went broke", "I think War On Terror is probably more detrimental to friendships, and always longer.", "Get Lux.  It's a cheap pc/mac version of Lux with online games.  It's like 12 years old, but it does it's job perfectly. I got it back in 2008 and I still play almost every day.  Games take like 10 minutes.", "Unless you have a board-flipper. Then it is over when they say it is over. ", "Fistfights.  That's what I remember from childhood Risk games.  Usually preceded by shouting and pointing and accusing.  Learned a lot about politics.", "Monopoly actually moves pretty fast if you play by the actual rules, which include auctioning off any square that anyone lands on if they do not buy it.\n\nWhile I'm not going to argue that Monopoly is a good game, a lot of people make it worse by playing the common ruleset that gets passed around that results in hours long games. ", "Risk doesn't ruin friendships...\n\nAustralia does!!", "Civilization I was a wonderful way to ruin friendships. Passing Iconoclasm and Heresy does not a buddy make. Also City Bombs.", "You should try [Cash Flow](http://www.richdad.com/apps-games/apps-games-landing) I play it with my family around the holidays when everyone is together and has gotten over last years loss. ", "\"The only other game that takes as long as Monopoly\". Fuck this, I'm going back to /r/boardgames.", "Risk and Monopoly are my two favorite games. Followed by Stratego!", "And marriages... *sigh*", "We don't even call it Risk anymore. It's just called \"Hate your Friends.\"", "Play diplomacy instead...risk for men", "Last time I played this game, got into a fist fight with my brother. ", "Obligatory, \"Monopoly doesn't take that long when you don't play with terrible house rules that just prolong the inevitable.\"", "You mean Life", "If you want to ruin friendships, Ticket to Ride, and Acquire will do the trick, and not take as long.", "I tried learning how to play this game high.  \n\nIt did not bode well.", "I have literally got into physical fights over this amazing, amazing game.", "Wasn't there an almost never employed Monopoly rule that makes it always take a reasonable amount of time?\n\nthere is no rule to combat the cut who takes Australia off the bat", "Have you ever played D&amp;D? That shit lasts for *years*.", "The best game I ever had of this...game was ended when the cat sat on the board during a break and conquered Asia. My dad and I couldn't help but tip our hats to that magnificent bastard.", "Great Eddie Izzard skit on Risk &amp; Hitler: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpcxfsjIIbM", "Nothing instantly creates fiction in my family like bringing up the last time we all played Risk together.  Which was 5 years ago.  It was bad.", "No one plays like me. I back stab every single person, expect to win, get pinned to one spot and always earn second.", "any one play Battle of the Bulge?  each game minimum of 7 hours.  After 14 games with 13 ties, I won 1 game as the Americans.\n\nMy uncle, who actually fought in the battle, found it fascinating that I knew so much about what happened.", "No one plays me at Monopoly after explaining that the orange properties are the properties with the highest probability of being landed on per pass.  Basically because they are 6, 8, and 9 squares from jail.  And rolling doubles gets you out of jail so 33% of the times you roll doubles in jail you land on my property.  When you get out 6 and 8 are tied for the highest roll probability, both are my property.  And there are a number of ways to wind up in jail.\n\nFun times...for me...while they lasted. Q.Q", "My mom literally banned my father, sister and I from playing because it'd error into arguing after 30 minutes without fail. ", "We combined Monopoly and Risk... it was a mistake. Monopoly was the world economy and you could buy troops or sell them off for money. I miss some of those guys... we didn't really talk after the first couple games", "Yeah, but at the same time, It was kind of awesome to watch my little brother cross the Bering Strait with a 190-army army and steamroll my Asian Empire. Not even the world's most defensible fortress, Australia, could withstand such overwhelming multitudes. ", "You're forgetting Catan.", "False, Mario Party does the same thing. ", "The game hotels left me, my mom and brother not talking to each other for the rest of the night. ", "I can confirm that a fistfight ensued between myself and a friend of mine. But he did break a written treaty so....", "The new Game of Thrones Board game tops them all, played a 10 hour game last week.", "My friends re-titled this game for the strategy they decided to employ:  \"Fuck -JustShy-\"", "If anyone here has the sudden urge to play a risk like game but no friends I recommend playing atwar online. Very detailed and extremely fun when you get used to it.", "You must never have played the game of thrones board game then.", "Ive seen the end of risk games ive never seen a monopoly game end. ", "Monopoly is a much faster game if actually play by the rules.  For instance, if you land on an unowned property you have to buy it, that's the rule.", "You forgot Diplomacy, bro.", "Similar to Monopoly in other ways...  I've seen a single game finished ever.", "The game is decided after the first turn. Then you play for 5 more hours to confirm it. ", "apparently you haven't played \"A Game of Thrones, the board game\"", "Risk Legacy is what broke our group up.", "[Here's a nice little bridge between the table-top gaming and video gaming worlds!](http://www.amazon.com/Hasbro-Risk-Battlefield-Rogue/dp/B00FK9XJ7M)", "You should play Agricola. ", "I used to feel so bad about taking over other people's territories that I just started intentionally losing every time I played.", "You obviously haven't played Twilight Imperium.", "Try a game of Risk where every battle is decided by a game of Monopoly. You might need to clear your calendar.", "What the fuck is happening to this subreddit??", "Lord of the Rings: Risk is so much better.", "I don't understand the turtle hate.  I generally always took Australia built up slowly and let others spread themselves lean. Then I would battle for cards and begin to mount a larger army all the while having a heavy guard in each territory in continent to lessen the chance someone steam rolled me.  I would generally win every time.\n", "I always imagined the best game of risk consisting of teams of 2 or more per color.  But instead of everyone around the board, its a social party and everyone is walking around with wine glasses and making 'friends'.\n\nThen when the players decide to make their moves everyone reconvenes and the battles play out.  Once a round of attacks and movements happen, everyone goes back to the party and secretly discuss their next moves.", "A twelve hour game of Twilight Imperium creates hatred amongst friends. ", "This game is great!", "Diplomacy ruins friendships. That and Battlestar Galactica. Maybe Twilight Imperium.", "played for 4 hours still not finished", "The shortest game of Risk ever played still took twice as long as the longest game of Monopoly.  Truth.", "As long?\n\nYou clearly don't do well in risk, me and my brothers once kept a game going for weeks.", "I'd always \"Hand of God\" If I was losing.", "Try Axis and Allies", "I fucking hate playing risk with my cousin and best friend. Every single time we have tried to play they form an alliance, eliminate me, and FUCKING END WITH A TRUCE!!! That's not how you are supposed to play!!!", "No game brings out my sociopathic tendencies more than Risk.  I almost caused my best friend's marriage to crumble as a result of this game - played him and his wife against each other like two goddamn violins.  I just....can't....help it.", "3 weeks of play with 4 players and one of them flips the board. It was never the same with the flippy.", "And ruining sleep when you roll over and get an army man shoved up your ass!", "You've never played Axis and Allies\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/v87nDc0.jpg", "this tactic seems to work best when you're losing: amass all your army into a single country and when they almost wipe you out you go on the offensive with full force", "Monopoly doesnt take weeks to play.", "If you like risk, but wish it were more in depth and stabby, online and about aliens, try Neptune's Pride 2.\n\nTriton.ironhelmet.com", "A game of Monopoly can be finished pretty quick. How does it take too long?", "my friend and I have played this game for 10 years and he has only lost 1 game. I hate playing with him", "The Mighty Ukraine! \n\nMiss you Max.", "TY for posting a \"bored\" game to gaming xD\nAnd Risk is awesome, \nif ya can't take the heat, then you shouldn't be a world ruler!", "You clearly still have not played [War of the Ring](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/115746/war-of-the-ring-second-edition).", "Axis and allies puts this game to shame ", "You guys need to try Axes and Allies. Damn long games. ", "There has been many a good fistfight over my Risk board.\n", "You don't ruin friendships with this game. You burn the bridge and mine the river.", "Risk: you enter the game with three friends. You leave with none.", "Settler's of Catan is the go-to game for building up grudges.", "I've seen fist fights break out after a game of risk... still haven't finished a game since that night without the board being shaken up", "Google hangouts has WarLight.  Cool RISK game to play in the background while you're on hangouts.  (I use hangouts for voice comm in gaming and we've taken WarLight turns during loading)", "Risk - a game of world domination played by two guys that can barely run their own lives.", "It's still sooooo fun...", "When I was 10 and my Brother was 13 we visited my Aunt and Uncle and Cousins in Oregon, we played Risk the first night. My brother laid his Armies out and proceeded to attack my territories and no one else until he had no Army left, with no desire to continue playing the game. The rest of the trip did not go well between the two of us.", "[This'll do it in half the time](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ee/Munchkin_game_cover.jpg)", "Axis and Allies way better than Risk", "I got into a tiff with friends because I used the Alaska-Russia connection. They were vehement that it could not be sanctioned in the rules. I was vehement that the world is round... And the dotted line. ", "Pssh, you've never played Axis and Allies then...", "Apparently you've never heard of Civilization the board game. Takes longer than Monopoly. Ruins friendships you didn't even know you had.", "The game that has ruined the most friendships for me was settlers of catan... Damn backstabbers cutting my road in half...", "Risk is fun, but it requires smart friends who can be team players. It's the real game of kings. If you're ever planning to conquer the world, play this game first, and see why it's probably a bad idea.", "They're not friendships, they're alliances.", "You are forgetting this [one](http://www.criticalgamers.com/pictures/AAAnnivBoardAndPieces.jpg)", "I still don't understand how people can take so long to play Monopoly.  My roommates and I in college played it at least once a week for the better part of two years and the longest game I can remember us playing start-to-finish was just over two hours. That's 2 hours for five people.\n\nWhat takes everybody so many hours to finish?", "It seems /r/gaming hasn't heard of [The Guns of August](http://cf.geekdo-images.com/images/pic225049_md.jpg). It lasts longer than any game I've ever played and is 100% guaranteed to make you hate every single other person playing it. Last game I played of it was years ago with my dad before I joined the Army. We played nearly every night for a month and still didn't finish.", "Risk? Monopoly? Try axis and allies. That shit can take days", "The proudest moment of my life was winning a game of this in half and hour", "This true. In my social circle, I'm that asshole who takes Australia and turtles.", "My family has never finished a game of monopoly, half way through we all stop caring and quit\n\n(Partially because I always win)", "My friends and I played Risk last year while The Wives did the Black Friday thing.  We started early, and nearly managed to play one full game before dinner.  I think I've played D&amp;D *campaigns* that took less time.", "Oddly enough, had a fist fight after drinking all day Sunday and playing risk. Listen up kids: Risk is NOT a game to play while enjoying a bottle of whiskey.", "FOR KING AND COUNTRY!!", "I don't know.  Axis and Allies takes a long time too.", "Clearly you've never played Diplomacy.", "When I was younger, the only board games we had in the house were Monopoly, Risk, and Hotels (do they even make that one anymore?). All fuelled extreme sibling (and cousin) rivalry!", "whenever me and my friends play risk (usually 4 of us total) its usually the same outcome. We create our usual treaties to prolong the game. Then 2 of them fight in Europe which my 3rd friend gets wiped out in the meantime. I hide out in Australia and Japan, slowly building my army until they weaken themselves to a point where they are mostly spread thin. They I start attacking and have won the past 3 games we played with this strategy. Luckily our friendship remains strong", "Did the makers of this game make it to defer people from becoming imperial?", "Are any of the new electronic versions good? Like, they seem...gaudy. Are any alternate versions worth playing?", "My friend ended up divorcing over this...", "Try Riskopoly.... Its a game of risk, but for every time you would roll a die you play a game of monopoly to decide the roll. You will never speak to your friends again.", "Ah, do I miss drunken coked out risk nights. Scheming at that level was never heard of before in my life.", "So there we were at 2:30 in the morning; I was beginning to wish\nI had never come to cadet training school. To the south lay water --\nthere was no way we could cross that. To the east and west two armies\nsqueezed us in a pincer. The only way was north; I had to go for it\nand pray the Gods were smiling on me. I picked up the dice and threw\ntwo sixes. Caldecott couldn't believe it. My go again; another two\nsixes!", "Obligatory risk 2210 shout out.", "try Ikusa, like axis and allies, but with back stabbing and set in feudal japan", "risk is for amateurs, axis and allies is the way to go", "Also [Diplomacy](http://www.amazon.com/Avalon-Hill-HAS41307-Diplomacy-Board/dp/B00005EBA0). That game will make you question your pets loyalty afterwards. I had ptsd after playing for a week straight at school. ", "There is also Fortune Street. It is basically Monopoly in video game form but with a stock market included and the option for forced buy-outs.\n\nIt is a bit more evil than Monopoly since you can really mess people over by playing around with the stock market to devalue the lead player's stocks or breaking up other player's sets by buying out their properties without their consent.", "Diplomacy ruins more friendships.", "Anyone remember Axis &amp; Allies?  The set up and turns to determine weaponry and allocations usually took longer than playing an entire game of Risk.\n\nEDIT: I just CTRL+F'd and found at least 30 other people found this game to be as insanely long as I did.... I wonder if they're the same 30 people who can prove I'm not insane and I didn't only imagine the sci-fi TV series \"Otherworld\" from the mid-80s.", "Me and my friends still play this. 1 round goes - 5 conferences (telling other people to do this and that), 20 minutes each. Someone backstabs someone else. Repeat for 50 turns.", "I love Risk up until I've been playing Risk for more than two hours.", "If any game ruins friendships its Settlers of Catan ", "Longer than Monopoly... Risk games go on for hours and hours ...", "We got Risk as a wedding gift. It just sits in the closet biding it's time... ", "I would take monopoly any day and I hate monopoly. If risk never were invented I probably would be a better person with more friends right now...", "Risk is much harder on friendships than monopoly. \"Why are you teaming up on me?\"", "i can vouge for this one... me and my buddy played this. i hated him after", "I dunno man. When my friends and I play risk we just assault the shit out of everything around us after the third or fourth rotation. Then again, we're typically drinking and the third or fourth rotation takes about an hour to complete 'cause we have to agree upon the rules and such.", "There is a lot to be learned from these two games.", "Twilight Imperium.", "Should try Risk 2210.  It has mechs, moon colonies, sea colonies and nuclear fallout zones.  Shit is twice as intense and ruins friendships to an even deeper level.", "It gave me a marriage. Our friends had been trying to set us up for over a year, and finally we met over a game of RISK. Everyone ganged up on him, to knock him out of the game, and he had nothing to do but massage my shoulders. The rest is 25 years of history. Thanks RISK.", "Just play fucking Catan!  What are you, new?", "Nope, Dokapon Kindom. And the game itself hates you.", "Haha there is an online version, warfish.net.  Couple coworkers and I would play this for awhile.  It is basically Risk with different maps and stuff.\n\nWe lost interest after awhile though.  Out last game, started in 210, is technically still going.  Every 6 months or so I'd get an email that someone made a turn, although I was eliminated earlier this year.  Logging in now I see its down to 2 people, and has been someone's turn for 17 weeks.", "Axis and Allies ftw", "Fail.  there are plenty of games that take longer than Monopoly.  Almost all of the MB Gamemaster games (Axis and Allies, Fortress America, Samurai Swords), Catan, and plenty of others.  ", "Speaking of which, has anybody here tried the Halo Risk I saw in the store? How does it compare to the original?  Is the map different?  Are there alternate rules, and if so, which version do you prefer?\n", "Axis &amp; Allies:\nTwo hours to set up, 10 hours to play, one hour to resolve any minute dispute. Do not drink hard liquor if you're going to play this game with friends.", "Step 1: take Australia\nStep 2: win", "I know I'm a bit late to this post but if you like risk, there's a pretty good risk game on the play market called Drisk. I'd say for the casual risk player, its a pretty good game. ", "Not necessarily true. Whenever my playgroup gets hits the three hour mark, everyone just kind of sees who is weakest. The poor bastard then accepts defeat and gets slaughtered. The remaining armies then declare world peace and call it there.", "Friends? I think you mean Victims of my Conquest.", "we play risk every Thanksgiving at my grandparents.. my uncle always wins.. better than watching the Lions lose again.. ", "THE UKRAINE IS WEAK", "So is there anywhere online where I could play Risk and learn the rules? The top result on google is pogo.com and the game won't load for me, the rest seem to be lookalikes and knockoffs. My dad enjoys the game and I've never learned, thought it might be cool to finally learn the game :/", "you should play it on lsd. whole nother level of angst", "I once played a full game of Riskopoly. A composite game with both boards and full turns of each. You use monopoly money to buy armies; essentially combining economics and war.\n\nThat took for-ev-er", "We always played to first loser.  First guy to throw the board off the table. Keeps games shorter. ", "got my arm dislocated over a game of monopoly, .... yea .... it went south real fast", "I am horrible at this game... and by horrible i mean my rolls.. 30 against 1? Better wait for reinforcements because that solo dude is hardcore against my army at all times.", "The xbox 360 version of this game is so much fun to play with friends", "I use to not take this game too seriously and my friends really did...I'd back up a random person for no reason and no matter what one of my good friends would disown me for the night lolz.", "And they both happen to be my two favorite board games..\n\n\n\n:(", "Monopoly and Risk may ruin friendships, but Pictionary tears families apart.", "always wanted to play this game", "There are a lot of people who I would absolutely crush at Risk on this thread.  My little sister would crush a lot of people here as well.\n\nYou want to know the secret to winning?  Path of least resistance.  That is all.  \n\nYou be aggressive. You turn in early and often. Go after the weaker players early for their cards.  Continents don't matter when you have a string of 1 army territories spread across the board.  They won't be able to clean it up because they have to leave an army in every territory they capture of yours.  You end every turn with 3-4 places if they're smart.  If they're not, they're giving you too much, and you win anyway.  Keep pounding that path of least resistance.  No turtling.  Crush the weak turtles with trade-ins.  Games of 6 you should win every time with the path of least resistance strategy.\n\nHigh value - amount of territories\nLow value - continents\n\nFirst priority - kill the weak\nSecond priority - break up continents by \"poking\"\n\nThat is all, now go win Risk.", "Odviously never played axis and allies. ", "All-time favorite game.  Ever. Period.", "Ukraine is game to you?!", "We play this game with classy scotches and cigars it's like we are really conquering the world!  Love Risk!!!", "You want to ruin friendships in a much quicker way? Round up some of your closest friends and possibly your fiance or girlfriend and play Apples To Apples. I promise you, after one game of poor biased judgement, none of you will speak to each other again, guaranteed. ", "Kamchatka will never fall!!!!", "Purest of Evils.", "This game fucks with people. It has a card that says kill all the black troops.", "[What about this unholy abomination of a game?](http://www.gilwood.org/riskopoly.htm) ", "Avalon Hill's Civilization. \n\n\nI STILL havent finished a game of it.", "i prefer the space version called eve online", "longer than Monopoly*\n\nDamn dice. Play Small World instead.", "No game I know of has ruined more friendships than settlers of catan. ", "I've only ever played Risk a couple times, but it was a bit anger inducing. :P", "This game actually helped bring me together with some of my best friends. Nothing like monopoly, imo.", "Can we talk rules here?\n\nI was always anti-plowing or blitzkrieg. What I mean is, if your armies attack a country, they then must settle in the country (presuming they win) and cannot continue to barrel through neighboring countries all in one turn. My reasoning is sound, this is pre-industrial warfare (horses and shit dude), you can't just roll through a country like that it takes time. Also, and more importantly, this is just more fun and strategic. Otherwise people just build all their armies in one spot and tramp through entire contents and powers shift in a turn before you can even go. \n\nIs anyone with me?", "Dokapon kingdom has destroyed many a friendship..", "I used to play Risk with my college roommates. We would stay up until sunrise playing and take pictures of the pieces on the board to make sure no one cheated while the others slept ", "Thanksgiving fun with the cousins. They are into railways of the world now.", "A and A", "My best friend and roommate in college once went to jail as a result of post-Risk-fighting drinking. "]["\"you take the point\"", "\"negative\"", "\"Get out of there, it's gonna blow!\"", "\"negative\"", "\"Roger that!\"", "\"negative\"", "\"Team, fall back!\"", "....... \"You take the point\"", "\"negative\"", "\"Taking fire, need assistance\"", "Yea...I used to know like all those. Got to be pretty bad when me and my buddies would say C8 in real life when we wanted to say no to a question.", "C8", "I can do the same for Wolfenstein Enemy Territory. v45 (sorry)", "\"Affirmative\"", "\"Fire in the hole!\"\n\n\"Fire in the hole!\"\n\n\"Fire in the hole!\"", "This is, by far, my favorite game of all time.", "I've probably spent more hours in that game than I have in any other combined.", "I've definitely spent more hours dead in that game than I have alive in any other combined.", "Spectate Mode Simulator 1999", "thats why i played pokemod and zombie", "Some dude Ive seen has 26k hours played o cs 1.6\n", "Holy shit.. That's 3 years..", "Steam counts time of it just being open. Through my high school - early college years I had 1.6 open probably 50% of the time, and never turned my PC off. I would just alt-tab and never close it. Wouldn't be surprised if the 26k dude was the same way", "\"Oh CS?  Super lightweight, just leave that up.\"", "Well from the sound of it, it seems like this guy had PLAYED that much. I may be wrong but that's what I got from it although I wouldn't be surprised if that's a good chunk of it. Either way that's an absolute shit ton of game time..", "What's pokemod?", "I have a good feeling I'm going to surpass my CS 1.6 and CSS hours on CS:GO. GO has improved a lot since launch and is a very worthy successor to 1.6 now.\n\nEDIT: And to be clear, I have 800 and 2300 hours on those two games respectively.", "My childhood was spent on this game. If you want to keep inner city kids out of trouble just buy them all computers and counter strike. ", "Amen to that. Not to mention by the time they're old enough, they'll all be too introverted and socially awkward to start real gangs", "its the best shooter ever made...", "As someone who played a lot of 1.6, then skipped source, when I got CS:GO it felt like home. Everything is pretty much the same lol.", "then you forgot many things from 1.6 ", "Yeah, it definitely just doesn't feel the same. That or we've grown too old.\n\nE: Don't understand the picture though; how are you going to \"save your teammate\" if not by killing the enemy as fast as possible - which is shooting them in the head. If it means that people take their time in aiming for the headshot; you won't hit a moving target any faster or slower if you aim for 0.5s, 1s or 10s (in CS1.6). That remains true for people with good and bad aim.", "he takes his time to aim for the head when hevcould just spray Jim down", "If ya just practice headshots you don't run into that problem.", "I do, this is pub cs were talking about, I as just explaining the post", "cs pubbers are pretty good since the game has been out for awhile.  ", "Practice for years and it's never a problem again. I thought about it today, I don't have to try and aim for their heads. My aim just snaps to it.", "I practiced nothing but head shots on fy_iceworld for countless hours. After that, my crosshair was always pointed at wherever the burst would pretty much guarantee a headshot, and I just did it naturally. Even when quickly switching targets, my brain just knew the spot in a quick snap. This was during 1.6 and I've since lost all my skill. :(", "Recently picked up CS:GO after playing 1.6 at a semi-competitive level back in university (team played cal-im, qualified for cal-m, but disbanded before the season because our captain's girl had a baby).\n\nIt was horrible at first. I still naturally aim for the head - but lack the reflexes and instinctive knowledge from experience. So there's a lot of spraying bullets in a roughly head-vicinity. \n\nAfter ~20hrs or so of stubbornly sticking with it, I'm starting to get it back... I've graduated from \"Oh god, why do you even play video games\" to \"man, this dude sucks\"!", "The guy in the photo missed :)", "You could argue though that you still have to take the time to line up the shot. That is, unless you walk around with your cursor at headshot level at all times.", "Do you even counterstrike Bro? This isn't COD.", "I mean spraying at a super close range to the upper body. you can't really miss,  it also has to be controlled spray", "In the actual picture the T is stood still, so the CT crouched can take his time to get a head shot. I'm guessing OP is referring to someone who doesn't play well though as the head is where you should be aiming anyway (just not taking all day about it obviously). I'm guessing it's just a poorly phrased annoyance at baiting. ", "I interpreted it as he kept trying to get the HS but missing.", "Because some people hardscope.", "Curious, could you name a couple?\n\nOther than matchmaking being more popular than servers and like 2 new guns, I'm really not seeing the difference.", "the movement (feels like iceskating), \nlack of airstrafe, \nthe time it takes to shoot accurately after moving, \ndeagle being fucking autism, \njust a few,", "i miss 1.3 bunny hopping. :(", "You me both, buddy.", "Thats around the time I lost interest in the game. It just added so much joy to it.\n\nThe other part I miss is 1 shot awp kills even with full health and armor and being shot in the foot. It added so much more fear and power behind the sound of the gun.\n\nThe best part was that when observing health would go negative after someone died. It was hilarious to me to see someone with low health get awpd *blam* instantly spread out on the floor with -132 health. I would think 'heheh, damn he sure got f*cked'", "To each his own but I think the awps are powerful enough in GO without it being a rail gun.", "I once jumped across the canyon in cs_siege.  Will never happen again :(\n\nI miss the raging you could provoke by bunnyhopping into the bombsite on de_dust several seconds before they were expecting you.", "moto?", "What is moto?", "He used to play for 3D (pro CS team) years back, and [here]( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yfS9i5Z5Hw8&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DyfS9i5Z5Hw8) he is jumping the canyon in siege.", "Oh, well guess i just didn't notice it. Makes me think that maybe a lot of the changes were intuitive/for the better.\n\nIdk, i guess the break from CS served me well then.\n\nedit: thanks for the answer though!", "Don't forget nade differences, crouch-hopping(biggest game change IMO, next to walling), and maps.\n\nI would say it's easy to be quickly accurate after moving; if anything, I feel like awpers have just gotten better than in 1.6.  The deagle is the worst, though :(\n\nAll in all, as a long time CS player(since 1.1 in 2001 I believe), CS:GO is pretty fun.  The matchmaking feels out of place(I miss #findringer and #findscrim and...), but it's an awesome feature still.  ", "The headshot hit boxes man! The most important part!", "What I'm hearing is \"The AWP isn't as OP anymore!\"", "If you didn't notice those problems with CS GO and just how downy of a game it is compared to 1.5 (1.6 was the death of the real good cs tbh) then you have not played a lot of 1.6", "You can barely shoot through walls and cover in GO because the vast majority of them are absolutely impenetrable, the map layouts frequently leave defenders highly exposed and vulnerable to attacks from multiple directions being full body cover is lacking, there is only one recoil pattern for each rifle (which leads to complete mastery of recoil over whichever gun you practice with minimal effort compared to 1.6), the sound is designed poorly and you frequently can't hear footsteps like you should be able to as a result, quick-scoping accurately with the awp has been completely removed (this was one of the most fun skills to develop, fuck Valve for removing this), the money system has been completely borked and it dramatically affects competitive play in a negative way..... those are just off the top of my head, and I barely play the game and only read the patch notes to see if Valve might actually fix it sometime.  It's a decent game no doubt, but the original CS was one of the greatest games of all time.", "Have they changed where you can wall bang since it's early release? I went back to 1.6 after a few weeks of early GO (the actual release not the beta) but you could spam through bigger distances than a lot of 1.6 places. They were in different places though so I imagine they weren't intentional and have probably been removed. ", "No, not really.  For every 1 new spot that is added in GO 2-3 are removed, and they all do significantly less damage than they would in 1.6.  Valve wants consistent wallbanging, so that you can intuitively know a surface can be penetrated by bullets just by looking at it, but they are too lazy to rework the maps so that we can have enough wallbanging to effect the way the game plays, so we get *consistently awful* wallbanging instead.  It is getting worse as time goes on, not better.\n\nedit: They also fixed a \"bug\" on Linux servers that allowed for much more wallbanging, closer to 1.6 but not actually that much.  They released a fix to remove that from the Linux servers, which completely destroyed any motivation I had to play the game, because it is quite clear that Valve and I do not agree that wallbanging is a key and defining feature of the game, and one of the most fun aspects of any FPS game I've ever played.", "Oh no, the AWP isn't completely broken any more. \n\nThe only thing wrong with footsteps is they don't take intervening obstacles into account at all. ", "No scout.", "Its in the game now. I think GO received a lot of updates after release that make it more friendly to the old players.", "Yeah, there are weekly updates as far as I can tell. They fix a lot of stuff from user input (i.e. bomb planting sounds; pick-up sounds,...) It's quite neat to see that they're putting in their best effort, but it gets confusing if you've not played for a few months, because a lot of things might have changed.", "They updated the game to where planting the bomb makes a certain noise to where you can 'fake-plant' and lure out the enemy, solely from a suggestion post on the /r/globaloffensive community", "They also added a feature where you can see what guns/nades your teammates have over their head during buy time off another suggestion. Its pretty impressive how willing they are to add good ideas. ", "and they still cant fix the bullshit automated cooldown for competitive. ", "Must check it out again.", "It's 99% the speed of a pistol; you aren't faster, but you still zip around.", "/r/GlobalOffensive plug", "I'm glad you are like me and were able to make a happy transition. It's Ashame so many die hard 1.6 players refuse too because it would mean having to remaster aiming/recoil/mechanics", "You realize the hit boxes got smaller from cs1.6 to css then even smaller in csgo? ", "Well the hit boxes were closer to the bodies on CSS but that was kinda necessary as they decided to model the people's heads after that disease on Theme Hospital. ", "I played 1.5. Quit after 1.6. Play CS:GO now and then. Still missing something..", "rofl no, not at all", "you're disgusting", "It was awesome in lan parties.. you'd hear the other team scream or cheer in the other room.. and the dead could spectate and giggle in their seats.\n\nSo awesome.\n\nWhich brings the question, what happened to the ability to local host games on PC.... I miss it &gt;_&gt;", "Diablo 2 and Starcraft are up there", "I'm glad that there's still people who play it too.", "In uni \"just one more round before the pub\" turned into \"a shot of vodka each time you die.\" I now hate vodka.", "Especially with all the different types of games modes and maps...many of which have nothing to do with shooting.", "It is still very active.  And yes, you are still n00b.", "GO well didnt come ou ton the ps3 :( ", "1.5&gt;1.6 Quick scoping was a skill. I don't care what anyone says.", "**PSA** Counterstrike is back. CS:Global Offensive is a wonderful update and brings the game up to the present to be a great current competitive shooter. If you've spent some time away or never played there's no better time than now to get involved and give it a shot. \n\nDo yourself the favor and give CS:GO a test drive.\n\nBonus fun fact? The dev team is constantly tweaking the game and adding things, including tweaking it from feedback found on Reddit. Just happened in the last month even.\n\n\n**TL,DR** CS:GO is awesome, give it a play. You'll have a wonderful time.", "I definitely agree with you and the main reason I am hooked with CSGO is the competitive matchmaking. Your team heavily relies on you because it is only a 5 v 5 scenario.\n\nThe ranking system in that game reminds me so much of the [Halo 2 Matchmaking System](http://i.imgur.com/DLbEOLV.jpg)\n\nIt feels so good to level up but you always have to watch out because you can de-rank just as easily.\n", "I tried so hard for months to get passed full moon but somethings are not meant to be :(", "Should have cheated or circle boosted harder. ", "competetive matchmaking would be much better if they allowed user created content to be playable. And I don't mean the operation payback \"paid content\". I'm taking straight Counter Strike Source style player made maps.", "Also worth mentioning it's getting its [biggest tournament yet](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPFl_DHOtu4), this month (dreamhack, prizepool of $250,000)! good times", "shameless /r/GlobalOffensive plug.", "The reason I never played CSS was the vertical learning curve. It felt like if you hadn't played the game for 500 hours you were a complete noob. Is that still true of CS:GO or did it start over so new players actually have a chance?", "It's totally different now. There's all sorts of new game modes that you can play to get better at, and are truly fun alternatives to the classic formula of rounds. In addition there's a great competitive match making system that puts you with other people at your skill level, so that your games are always really close. As you get better you'll play better people, but you're not getting destroyed by some ultra elite veteran. Plus there's a great match making so that friends you make can search for matches together, letting you easily roll with a crew.\n\nthe game's great, I really, really recommend it.", "No longer the case. The ELO rating system for matchmaking assigns you a rank after you get your first 10 wins in matchmaking. From then on, you get matched with players similar to your rank. If you continue to win, you rank up. Same goes the opposite direction. So sad when you derank....", "It has a more gradual learning curve. Not because the game is any easier to play, but because of the matchmaking system. If you aren't very good, you'll be matched up with other low skilled players after a few games. ", "Counterstrike never went anywhere. I still play 1.6\n\nThank god for the BRs and Mexican servers. Playerbase is still there", "I haven't played in a while, but I feel the same as you do.\n\nI tried everything CS-related released after 1.6, but it just doesn't feel right. I was obsessed with the game since the 2.0 beta, so I might be picky, but still, there really is something missing from the new ones. It's just not CS.", "Couldnt agree more. Glad you gave cs:go the nod, the more the merrier!\n\nStarted playing condition zero in 2004, and moved to source and now GO. 250+ hours in so far, awesome update of the series.\n\nEdit: today it peaked at 50,000 players, and there are usually 15-20k on at a time, more than enough for an instant game all the time.", "I still play CZ!", "&gt; Counterstrike is back.\n\n\nimplying it was ever gone", "The community is starting to coallesce into a large gaming population, which it hasn't really had since the glory days of 1.6. An exciting time!", "The only qualm I have with it is that it's still basically the same old maps. They've added a handful of new ones, made some tweaks to the old ones, but for the most part you're going to be playing the same maps that you played 10+ years ago. Since the lack of new maps is what caused me to leave originally, I didn't last long this time around... ", "There's a bunch of new maps now, and CS_Community Workshop is always cranking out new ones. Operation Bravo has kicked a ton of new maps in and Demolition and Arms Race gameplay modes have a ton of unique maps just for those modes.", "Official maps, as in a part of the rotation? There's never been a shortage of custom maps.", "Yeah, official maps.", "If I had the money I would. I still play CSS zombie mod and gun game.", "If you put CS:GO on your steam watch list you can snag it when it goes on sale for 7 bucks", "But what the hell is up with the Free to Play aspects of it nowadays? I'm still confused as to what it is, they barely explained how it works and I don't know how to use the weapon they gave me.", "All there is now is a system where you collect skins for guns that drop randomly triggered by hours logged. The skins have no effect on gameplay, they're just fancy paint jobs. If you don't want to use them you can sell them on the marketplace for real life CASH. it's kind of nuts.", "It's kind of like TF2, except the stuff you get can't give you a tactical advantage. Also people are groin-deep in need for things they don't need.", "Yeah, I saw that some knives have been selling for 500 bucks. For a fancy skin on your knife. NUTZ", "I'm assuming there's some people who got it while the price was low, put it up for $500, and then waited. After the cheap ones were gone, they had full Monopoly.", "It's just aesthetic paint jobs. If you have one, go into your loadout on the main screen and swap your normal gun with the painted one. Then you have a paint job in the game. That's it.", "ah, thanks\n", "Yes! We need more subscribers for /r/GlobalOffensive it is really looking good these past few weeks", "Feels clunky to me, been playing CS:S gungame for ~1300 hours.\nEDIT: Also, I don't care for the regular mode, too slow.", "Ummm don't tell people about how good GO is we want to keep the community nice and comfy. ", "CS:GO is terrible. Ive never played a worse version of counter-strike in my life. Source is even better than it.\n\nSource: my won id", "Are we rushing in? Or are we going sneaky-peaky like?\n\nCS is easily the best MP FPS I ever played. It's not only the most balanced FPS with crazy depth, but it might very well be the best stealth game ever devised.", "I love those moments when your the last of your team left and your score sucks and everyone expects you to die and all of a sudden...\n\nClutch!", "So many times.  They call me Swift Idiot.", "That used to happen to me a lot as I was a fairly competent player, but I used to be the guy to try and make all the first picks so died a lot. Ace clutches used to make you feel so pro. ", "Clutch or kick", "Can't stop the PARA RUSH!!", "WAIT UNTIL HE RELOADS!\n\n20 seconds and three deaths later\n\nWAIT UNTIL HE RELOADS!\n\n10 seconds, one death, and switching to dualies.\n\nWAIT UNTIL HE RELOADS!\n\n5 seconds, 2 deaths.\n\nWAIT UNTIL HE... guys?\n\nTIL: Backstabs with the knife in Counterstrike are an instant 165 damage.", "I won an 8vs1 on de_train by taking my time and being a sneaky sneaky fucker.  One of my best gaming moments.  This was back when servers typically had 5 minute roundtimes and everything went much slower.", "And everyone hated you because you wouldn't stop walking and camping the entire round timer out. Be a man, rush out guns blazing.", "BOOM! HEADSHOT!", "My heart's a beating, my hands a shaking", "But I'm *still* shooting, and I'm *still* getting the headshots!", "It's like BOOM! HEADSHOT! BOOM! HEADSHOT! BOOOOM! HEADSHOOOOT!", "Wanna go for a jog man?  Let's go for a jog.", "Everybody knows you run faster with a knife.", "knees weak arms spaghetti", "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp09jXYU9LQ", "This has more booms. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG5L6HOYCRI", "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37WLHoDf4cs", "I ammm the one and onlyyyyyy", "You always run faster holding a knife!", "GODLIKE!", "Baiting 101", "And it applies to any FPS.", "It's incredible to think how well this game ran on a 56k modem.  ", "I remember going to my buddies house for the first time to play with him and he had DSL, I felt like I died and went to heaven.", "Being an LPB in a world of HPBs was awesome.", "I haven't seen that term in ages! Thank you!", "So few people understand this... makes me feel old.\n\n\"Llama\" is another one I miss.", "I always felt 56k was an advantage as long as my ping was under 200. It seemed to me that my character lagged but the hit box wouldn't so people had to guess where you were going. \n\nIt did suck though joining a server that had a ton of addons you hadn't installed yet. I sure was a fan of the unreal mod and the chicken mod. ", "I distinctly remember in beta 6.3 this being the case.  190 ping on a 56k connection.  \n\nAt the time I was a ~200 ping guy with low speed DSL... lots of packetloss there for awhile. ", "i don't get it. why would you ever not go for a headshot? fastest way to kill your enemy...", "well when you shoot like a drunken toddler like I do, it's better to go for center mass.", "That's the best way to never learn how to headshot.", "It's a pretty good way to have fun though. Not everyone strives for the top.", "Very true.", "So it *was* constructive criticism. \n\nI think everyone who aims at head level at one point realized they were spraying *always* and aiming *sometimes*. Keep up the advice! Thanks.", "Am I shadow banned? Can you see my post?", "Nope, as far as I know. I can see it at least. Odd place to reply though.\n\nhttp://shadowbancheck.appspot.com/\n\nUse this in the future!", "[tyty!](http://i.imgur.com/3RF2RPI.jpg)", "I remember the first time that was posted. Never thought it would take off, now it's being 'gifted' to me far from the original post.\n\nThe internet is amazing. Thank you for this. Meant more than you expected heh.", "You can get to the top just fine without headshots.", "..Really? Could you provide any proof for that?\n\nNot attacking you by the way. I understand awpers can do this, but I don't see how someone going for center mass can compete with top players who HS", "M3 Shotgun and righteous and judicial use of camping and shift key walking/tiptoeing.  And knowledge of map geography and how long people take to run with a knife etc...\n\nEdit: still helps to aim for the upper chest and not the tummy.  :/", "I think 420DNR is taking 'top' to mean a highskilled player, whereas using a shotgun and camping would make you lowskilled at best, but might just put you at the top of a random public server. ", "Anyone with proper map control would beat anyone who could more consistently headshot (with significantly poorer map control). Aim does help a great deal, but when playing proper matches, map control, meta, crisis handling and a strong psyche is what wins you the game.\n\nAnother factor is that the best players don't actually aim for the head most of the time. A thing you'll learn after playing for a while is spray patterns, and the \"feel\" and probability of headshotting with specific guns when aiming at different places (of the body) at different distances. A good player headshots more, but aims less for the head. At a certain level of play, it's about reaction time more than it's about honing in on that clean perfect headshot.\n\nWhen you reach a certain skill level, you honestly won't think much about headshotting at all. You'll probably headshot a great deal, but it's just not something on your mind at all.", "Bingo.  The AK-47?  You aim for the head and the recoil will cause you to miss.  Aim for just below the neck, your first shot will hit there but your second will be at head level.", "Not very true.", "You really can't.  You'll be dead and the other guy will still have most of his health.", "Someone never played competitive counterstrike.", "Or a great way to practice being a drunken toddler with a rifle.", "If you can't even hit a barn door, why bother aiming at the doorhandle?\n\nIt's easier to learn how to hit the target at all first before trying to hit certain parts.", "He's crouching with the aug, u know he can't get a headshot", "With a sniper rifle it doesn't really matter.", "I can still hear the sound effects in my head.\n\nAWP:  Boooommmmmm\nNarrator:  \"Counter-Terrorists Win\"\n\nthose feels...", "Great game and all but the meme is pretty lame.", "good old times where you are banned from servers because your aiming was too good for the 12yo admin to handle you as an enemy\n\n\"it is *not* possible to aim so properly, you are a cheater using an aimbot\"", "Once at a CPL I was playing in a LAN game and some guy was standing behind me, watching me play.  He said I was using an aimbot because no one could aim like that.  He wasn't joking.\n\nOn nights when I went pubbing I didn't consider it to be a successful night unless I got accused of cheating.  It was amazing to be in a pub and dominating people, then when you get accused of cheating people are like \"No, he's an Invite player he's just really good\".", "I remember those times. I once entered a random server, playing dust and the round already started. I had no money to buy armor or any gun besides a pistol, so I just bought my favorite pistol at the time P .228. As soon as I exit ct spawn my entire team was already dead. Ended up killing the opposing team of five people in like 15 seconds, with three of them headshots. It was beautiful... until I got banned.", "This only happened one time to me. I was using the sig-550 zoomed in on top of the playground-x level, and was just taking my time aiming for headshots as the other team stupidly ran towards our side without using cover. It actually felt good like a compliment.", "Fuck yeah ", "Mmmalright team. Lets move out", "\"Classic\" 1.6", "Yeah, every time people call it classic I think back to my WON.Net days and giggle a bit.", "Remember reading about the \"new swat style mod\" on telefragged and gamespy? Good times. ", "Right?  Motherfuckers I played before Steam.  Beta 5 maybe?  Whichever version came directly before the introduction of the P90.", "This game, the culture behind it, the memories I have of it, Ventrilo, CAL, scrims, gotfrag, HLTV stream watching, this fucking game encompasses my high school gaming memories", "Not 1.6 but still...\n\nhttp://youtu.be/RWwRx26XjJU", "Classic every damn first person shooter ever. ", "naw in COD people die so fast you're better off just hitting them first regardless if it's in the chest or the leg. CS actually takes some skill; if you're better than someone you'll absolutely destroy them", "That's what I hate in COD. You aim better, you're quicker, smarter, more strategic and it's useless.", "I personally enjoyed 1.3 the best.", "won ids brother. I remember.", "This was probably the first PC game I ever got hooked up into. I got soo many memories of playing this in an internet cafe LAN....it was magnificent... I miss those times :'(", "dat bunnyhop tho", "I tried to install that version and play it a few months ago, I couldn't figure it out. I miss it too.", "about 90% sure thats a screenshot of cs 1.5 or erarlier", "how can you tell?", "Looks like 1.5 to me.", "Could possibly be 1.5, there is no real way to see. [Those models are the original CS models](http://cs-club.ru/images/screens/1926a.jpg). [Not the CZ Player Models we have now](http://img293.imageshack.us/img293/7315/cscz.jpg). I have an old 4 digit account, and all of the models are the original, but on my other (more recently created) steam account, all my player models are that of CZ. ", "Damn you for getting that 4 digit :( I registered as soon I could get through the registration without servers crashing and got a 5 digit. Anyways, had always wondered why I have the old models and my friends don't, I thought it was because I don't have CZ on steam.", "What are the digits up to now? It's been years since i've bothered checking.", "Not sure really, I think 8 digit or so?", "You can fix that quite easily by either ticking the box in the options for the original models or doing what we did for years - putting the original player models in the models folder.  The screenshot could have been taken yesterday but that doesn't automatically mean it would be from 1.5.", "I was going off textures, but could just be a low graphics setting. ", "That is why it has to be 1.5 or earlier.", "Why **exactly**? There is no picture evidence that this is 1.5. My current version of 1.6 looks exactly the same. ", "He's wrong as I'm sure you know, he probably just doesn't realise you can change your models. ", "i am not sure right now, but i think in 1.6 there is the indicator on the top right corner if you have your flashlight anabled or disabled, which should be always there, while 1.5 didnt have it permanent. from what i can see on the screenshot, its not there, so i would say you are right. but again, i am not sure and the \"E\" might cover it", "Opposed to the Battlefield classic: Let your teammate die while going for the backstab", "I still play this game. I still haven't left 2004 yet :(\nBTW I will own anyone in awp_map I no scope you every time.", "and now we are on 9gag level ;_;", "I downloaded CS 1.6 awhile ago and still remember the exact number-buying sequence of AK-47/Deagle/Body Armour and Frags.\n\nJust like riding a bike. You'll never forget it.\n\nCS for fucking LIFE.", "I see this shit everyday in COD. Teammate lets his teammate die just so he can go for the knife kill.\n\nInsta-kick from my party when I see it happen.", "Spectate Mode Simulator 1999", "I've played shit ton of games an nothing beats the good old CS 1.6 . CSGO is a good game but cant be compared to the original. \nToo bad valve didn't update the game nor really cared too much about it. \n\nSure they updated it after competitive scene was dead, after getting no tournaments, but that was way too late.", "aka baiting", "While going for the knife kill is what you meant", "It's much worse when they let you die for a knife kill...", "It's headshot or nothing in CS", "If trying to shoot enemies in the face can't save your teammates, what will?", "This has evolved into Battlefield's version: let your teammate die while you go for the knife kill.", "This is a savior or revenge kill nowadays =) ", "More like \"let your teammate die so you can get a knife kill on every FPS game in this age.", "That is when you take time to aim you miss; while several teammates watch. You panic and spray the enemy turns and kills you instantly.", "Unless he just jumped to crouch, no way T dude didn't see the CT. I CALL SHENANIGANS!", "Did people not like source?...I grew up on 1.6 but once source came out I was in love.", "CAL-I for life.", "Holy fucking shit!! Blast from the past!! I use to play with a bunch of those guys all the time. I guess it would have been about 10 years ago I think. Awesome. Thanks for that memory. My name was ToOT40oz back in those days.", "sounds accurate ", "The fuck does this meme even mean? I played Counter-Strike for years and I can't grasp what it's trying to say. I have never been in a multiple choice situation where it was either A) Save your teammate or B) Get a headshot, because they are one in the same. ", "Man did I love spamming the radio with C8's...think I may have to boot up the old desktop and play some!", "\"Classic\"", "Teammate? No. Bait.", "Teammate has an AWP?\n  \nBuy only a deagle and armor and follow him around until he dies.", "For me, Superhero mod servers were *the bomb*. So many hours were spent on those servers... *SOK, I remember!!*", "It should say, \"Let your teammate die.. so you can be clutch.\"", "This doesn't make sense because if you were any good at 1.6 you ALWAYS went for the headshot. For that same reason you would kill them quicker thus lowering the chances your team mate dies. ", "wtf are you sure go is good?  that game became so much like cod and bf now.", "[Alright you guys.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gonCGVWWRA)", "Hell, even Condition Zero bots did this.", "That's only because it took a little bit to line up a headshot with my favorite sniper...... the paratrooper.", "More like let your teammate die so you can get that knife kill.", "Hackers everywhere", "Suxors 24/7 cs_assault\nanyone?", "This looks so good on pc!", "considering it is about 14 years old, i'd say so!", "This was the game of my childhood. I remember one time I was on this server and someone started playing the Casper Slide over the mic and everyone started dancing. ", "anyone lookin for a ringer", "1.6 is one of the few games version i rmbr till today!", "\"go go go\"", "Bait ALL the teammates.", "Tactical Ops is still the better game.", "Cs 1.6\nAutomatic up vote for you fine sir!", "its so nice to know you always run faster with a knife", "While I get the reference you actually always run faster with a flashbang or Scout. "]["I do remember.\n\nFun Fact: Those whiny 12-year-olds the GIF refers to are now 22.", "The realization that I was one of those whiny 12-year-olds.", "I remember going into games like CS:S and screaming in the mic and making everyone's time in the game hell until I was kicked.", "Fuck you kindly,  Sir. ", "No, Not kindly.\n\nFull hatred.", "This still happens in GO, except usually it's some tool blaring shitty anime music, or Rick Astley.\n\nAnd the annoying part, is more often than not vote kicks fail because 2 people find it super hilarious. I still don't really understand how the voting actually works.", "Two people know how to mute.", "Oh I mute, but is there ways for people to unmute themselves? Because I swear I've muted people 3+ times in any given game (though, it is rare). ", "i hate when there are 2 buddies protecting each other from getting kicked while they \"troll\" the team.", "TIL tool now encompasses people who play music over a microphone.\n\nIs there anything that tool doesn't refer to anymore?\n\nEdit: Sorry guys, I apologise about not having the same ideas about a word that you do.\n\nEdit 2: Jesus Christ people, I just wanted to talk about a fucking word. I had *no* idea that tool meant asshole, that's not my fucking fault.", "What does tool refer to in your vocabulary?", "It's never meant anything to me except that people use it as a means of describing someone you don't like by insulting what they like.\n\nAll I know is that there's no way in hell that one word can have all of the hundreds of definitions that I've seen it attributed to. Tool meaning \"he plays music over a microphone\" is just one of the most ridiculous ones I've seen.", "Tool is like asshole. Can be used for pretty much anyone for any reason.", "Really? First I've heard that one. The most common definition I've heard is \"he likes pop/not classical rock so he is a tool\".\n\nIt doesn't really matter anyway, I hate the word. It's the new hipster for people who like being vague so as to avoid conflict.", "No....not at all.", "How old are you!", "...What? The word \"tool\" has been used as another word for \"asshole\" for a really long time now.", "Actually it's a pretty old usage, easily 1980's", "Please, just stop. You're like the kid at lunch time who gets pushed down and just gets up to get pushed down again.", "I don't think you understand how words work.", "A \"tool\" is an asshole.\n\nAt least here in the UK it is.", "It's a synonym for asshole here in the US as well.  Azerothen is overthinking it.", "Well he's clearly being a bit of a... tool.\n\nhttp://mirrors.rit.edu/instantCSI/", "I fail to see how it's over thinking.\n\nI've never heard it used to mean asshole, so what possible reason would I have to assume that's what it means?\n\nI just wanted to discuss a word.", "I'm in the UK and I've only heard tool refer to the band. I didn't even know people used that term off of the Internet.", "I've heard it used a bit in the UK. It's not common.", "Tool, how I've heard it just means dick. It's a euphemism like freakin or crap", "I hear it used a lot to describe people who like different music. Basically like hipster when it lost its definition.", "I believe he is referring directly to the tool [hldj](http://www.hldj.org/).", "Paul D'Amour", "Someone listens to anime music over the mic.", "I remember all the porn sprays.\n\nSooooo much porn.", "I'd scream \"ban me, ban me\" over and over until they banned me. I was not satisfied with a mere kick. \n\nTypically that response was elicited by, what I believed, people being douchebags.\n\nAlso, CS 1.6 not S.", "Me, being a teenager, did not see the days when CS 1.6 was the most recent version of Counter-Strike. \n\nYeah, I think the fact that most people in the Steam community are douchebags to kids by default doesn't help with the whole \"annoying 12 year old\" thing going on around most online games.", "When a kid that seems somewhat new to TF2 or CS joins I talk to them like a civilized human. I might friend them and teach them how to play and interact without being that annoying, then they become a regular on the server and most people accept them. ", "so you \"groom\" kids online?", "No.. more like prevent them from converting to annoying assholes for the next 6-8 years and teach them how online games work. ", "I remember team killing everyone with a mate of mine then being 2v5-6 and killing the other team. It was pretty funny. ", "everyone was one of those whiny 12 yo boys.", "\"Hey guiz can you hyer meee?\" \n\nI have a dark past.", "The sadder thing- The 20 something year olds in my clan who put up with my 12 year old self are now 30+ with kids and families", "Hey, not all of us. Some of us are losers!", "Whiny, maybe.\n\nBut to be honest steam back then was awful, and heck, I was even on the original beta of it. It barely ran on my computer at the time because, well, my computer was shit. But even when we upgraded to a new machine it had issues.\n\nConstant disconnects, a lot of stuff barely worked. I remember when even starting the program could be anywhere from a five minute to an hour or two long effort because for some reason it had a problem where it'd download an update, the update would fail and instead of just rolling back it'd ungracefully crash and then steam would pretty much 'delete' just about the entire client and re-install the \"update\" that was now the client itself.\n\nAnd then it'd ask to restart and it'd try to install the actual update that initially gave you this issue and if it fucked up again you were back to square one.", "Hey, remember WON IDs?", "27 here. Though to be honest, I was never whining about steam. I liked the service from the moment i got my hands on it sometime in 2002 when it was released as a beta in tandem with the cs 1.6 beta. ", "When the only game I used Steam for was to play CS, I found it really unnecessary and annoying. Often had trouble patching.", "Steam pissed me off because there was nothing wrong with the current WON system that was in place. That and you'd start updating Steam, it would get stuck at 75%. You'd have to close the program and reopen it...restarting the whole update. This was back when my internet was complete crap (100 kbps download rate). It took hours to get it up to date. ", "good times :)", "23, you camper", "[deleted]", "I remember a while after it came out it was fine, and there were a bunch of cool-kids that still refused to use it.", "I remember I boycotted Steam for YEARS because they randomly banned my account and the only way I could recover it was with my Half-Life CD key (the only game I had a physical copy of that I had registered on Steam) which I threw away because I thought with Steam I didn't need the damn physical CD key.\n\nI got over it, though.", "I feel like I'm the only that is still boycotting Steam...", "I'm not really \"Boycotting\" it, but I won't  pay more than ~$5-$7 for a game on Steam, and I only buy games I'm actually going to play right now.  Valve could take all those games away at any time, so pay what you think it's worth considering that fact.\n\nJust last week I got Arkham Asylum + Arkham City, and two other games in the Humble Bundle for like $6 total.  Even if Valve bans my account at some point I'll be done playing through those games, and the price I payed was reasonable for something like a 3-day rental so I can't get too mad.", "Once you have a game installed you'd be safe. It's only if you own the game on cloud that Valve can technically \"take it away\". But you seem to have not thought this through completely.\n\nValve can't just \"take a game away\" as and when they like. Many people pay for games and Valve just denying them their purchases would be literal suicide. The company would crash and burn under a slew of sure-fire class action law suits.\n\nThe only two possibilities I can imagine Valve taking games away are:\n\n1. They do it for WHATEVER insane reason but in turn promise full compensation of some sort.\n\n2. Valve goes bankrupt and ultimately are unable to support their games, which looking at the market right now is HIGHLY unlikely. Even if Valve were to pull a Myspace and go out of business, it wouldn't be any time soon.\n\nBesides, I never understood the hoarder mentality of people with similar sentiments as you. I mean, why are you scared it's gonna be taken away? Do you wanna grow old and die with your 50 dollar purchase or something?", "what he means that, if the steam servers ever shut down, and your comp somehow lost the login info for offline, you are just SOL and could never access any of those games again.\n", "Valve has accidentialy vac banned people before, they are always compensated very well. \nSource: that one time back in codbo.\n\n", "I don't enjoy using it, but now that some games unfortunately require it, what can you do? My love for the Elder Scrolls series was too high to let steam get in the way. Also the number of free games I've gotten through steam makes me stick to it. I don't use it primarily, but I still use it. I don't think boycotting it is even worth it anymore because way too many people use it for them to even care about those of us who don't like the restrictions :(", "Same shit happened to my friend Matt, he got booted randomly and totally had it with steam.", "This is the only thing I'm scared of. At this point I'm still kind of a steam noob, but I have about 60 games on steam. Them banning my account would suck. Not that I couldn't just obtain my legally bought games through other means anyways, but I use steam so I don't have to do that anymore.", "actually, they almost never ban accounts. The most they do anymore is temp bans if they think the account is hacked. \n\nThey can do vac bans, but even then you can still play most of your non-valve games online, and any offline. ", "[I like this one better](http://www.asd-online.de/images/site/steam.gif)\n", "Another classic.", "I knew I would find that gif here...", "Steam *still*  knocks me on and off chat, to be fair. ", "This just happened to me an hour ago.", "Likewise; not sure why.", "It's been getting worse for me... I wasn't sure if it was my hardware or them.", "I have pretty good hardware, and it runs like it's running on my old P4... It needs some serious performance improvements.", "I've been playing games on a toaster for three months, and I've never had chat issues. Before that, I was playing on a decent desktop, and everything was fine.", "You might consider upgrading to a toaster oven. Seriously, it fixes many issues you may be experiencing.", "I read this repeatedly--repeatedly!--and kept reading PS4 and thought you were being some kind of douche.   ^^;", "Hah, sorry for the confusion. Thanks for taking the effort instead of just assuming &lt;3", "Did you just link to FUNNYJUNK?  ", "I'm beggin' for a mirror.", "[Cheers](http://i.imgur.com/lalMEZS.gif)", "You're the hero reddit needs", "You mean launch day for Half-Life 2, when our LAN party was a total bust because it didn't fucking work?\n\nHard to believe it's the best out there now, even with a broken UI and useless in-game browser.\n\n115 games owned and counting!", "I really wish they'd improve that in game browser. Its so old and clunky.", "They don't really need to fix the browser, we just need borderless windowed fullscreen to be easier to achieve, then you can easily alt(or winkey)+tab to a real web browser.", "I remember I was beyond pumped for that game to be released and it was all I could think of for like, the month beforehand.  Even my desktop wallpaper was a live VALVe-themed countdown to the game being released.  Imagine the horror in my eyes as the game was released worldwide and Steam instantly went down.\n\nLuckily, for myself, it came back up 15 minutes later and I proceeded to play Half-Life 2 for 10.5 straight hours of bliss.", "That's because the Steam we use now is Steam 2.0.\n\nSteam 1.0, especially when it first launched, was a broken pile of shit forced on everyone trying to play counterstrike 1.6. It was one of the most frustrating buggy programs I've ever used.", "Remember when Friends didn't work for like 4 years.   ", "Yeah, this isn't a case of sheepish admittance of \"well, I guess it really WAS good\". Original steam sucked donkey dick. Anyone remember those few weeks where searching for a multiplayer match on a source engine game without some kind of filter on the search would almost immediately crash your router?\n\nA good takeaway would be- good things can come from bad things.", "Pretty much. It's not like everyone pointlessly hated it. Most people who had to download it primarily only played CS 1.6 (Or rather at the time it was probably some earlier version... I was like 10 at the time so I cant remember). It was kinda a pain in the ass to have to download some client that was shitty at the time to play a game you used to be able to launch from your desktop.", "It was 1.6. The 1.6 beta was the main selling point for Steam back then. ", "Love Steam now, have hundreds of games on it.  Sale addict.\n\nAt the time, as a Counter-Strike player, I HATED being forced into what amounted to an unnecessary front end for what was a straightforward game that didn't require it.  Create a new account?  Install more software?  Such rage.", "That's why my account is only 8 years instead of 10.  It just seemed like taking extra steps for the same end result, CS.  Xfire kept you in touch with friends.", "xfire! what a throwback. is that still around?", "Yup! Logged in as we speak :)", "It's how I know I have [another 1250 hours in CS:S](http://www.xfire.com/profile/icydesign) over what Steam tells me. Shit, man. I have over three *months* of in-game time in CS, and I haven't even played regularly for like five years. :(", "Does the cancel button still never work?", "I don't remember a time where the Cancel button worked. It takes a decade to cancel any operation. Thats fucking ridiclious", "[Steam's 'Cancel' button has *always* worked for me. You must not be using the right one.](http://imgur.com/6v7elKV)", "green steam was best steam", "I miss the green Steam skin.", "Guess what you are in luck! I don't know if it is updated but I used to use this skin. http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2642839", "mine is pink, much better IMO", "Absolutely and they listened to the community and changed a lot for the better.", "now it checks update everyday", "That was way too long and I watched all of it.", "I miss the rating system. [EAGLES SCREAM](http://i.imgur.com/B98gkcC.jpg)", "This gif induced a rage in me i have not felt in a long time. ", "Stream was bad at that time. It took along time before simple thing were fixed. Some things aren't fixed yet.", "This brought back some great memories from DoD.", "I got my original account banned for \"hacking\" because my friend and were sharing the same Half-Life Cd-key to play Counter Strike 1.4\n\nWe had been doing that since CS 1.2 but when Steam came out. We got banned.", "Didn't steam open with 1.6? Remember them hyping the shield. :p", "I dont remember. it was so long ago. you might be right", "Indeed.", "I remember seeing that shield and losing my shit. I thought it was the dumbest thing ever. Then I saw the new knife model and immediately knew I was going to mod in a new one.", "Remember when we liked funnyjunk?", "We liked funnyjunk?", "*Exactly.*", "Thats inapprehensable...wow it's the first time i use this word.", "You mean the in the month of 'Fucking' on the year 'Never'?", "Yeah, around the same time we really got into 9GAG.", "It's worse now. They have this \"game\", literally just clicking on items + a captcha, and crafting. If you thought reddit was bad, try a time sink with even less of a point.", "No.\n\nI remember when we liked Ebaumsworld. Never funnyjunk.", "Steam back then was a lot like Origin was last year.\n\nAs a Half-Life junkie, I'm glad Steam got its shit together.", "I don't understand why Steam is so beloved now.  It updates every time I turn my computer on, is one more thing between me and my game that can go wrong, and I have issues with the UI.  Now that games are requiring you to have Steam, or Origin, or whatever installed before you run the game is another hassle.  Remember when you could just install a game and not be required to install other junk.  Steam is so overrated.", "i always loved it. whenever i had to reinstall my pc, i just start steam, uncheck which games i dont want to have installed and go do something else. when i come back the games are working. i dont have it on autostart so when i start up my machine it doesnt automaticly download stuff by itself.\n\nsure, there were sometimes bugs with the client/game and it had downtimes, but i am no person who sells old games just to get a few bucks back out of them. games which you had to search and apply patches yourself in order to run them properly (especially to join a certain server, else youre just kicked out because of an error or whatever), were hated by me and most of my friends.\n\nalso, i love the entire friendlist thing, especially because you can chat ingame if you want, at least on the games i play on steam.", "You're in steam beta probably, I used to be a beta participant, I used to get updates every single day until I turned the beta off for my client, no more daily updates.", "Is steam beta still out there? If so, how did you turn it off?", "i mean granted DRM in general is fairly lousy steam is, by far, the best out there. I find i rarely have issues with steam actually keeping me from playing a game. Not that it never happens, but the few times it has ive always been able to fix it and thats more than i an say for any other digital distribution platform. Hell most games on steam can still be played in offline mode as long as they dont have to go through some 3rd party DRM which isnt steams fault.", "Steam, Netflix and Spotify are all DRM schemes that *work*.", "Good point. ", "That and many laptops now do not have an optical drive, and laptops are fart becoming a standard for gaming on the go/students/casual gamers.\n\nTo install Windows 7 on my ikkle netbook I had to hook up an old internal drive scavenged from the old gaming tower to a usb adaptor.", "&gt; laptops are fart becoming a standard\n\nheh.", "Offline Mode only works if you have an internet connection, which kind of defeats the purpose of it.\n\nI moved into a new house, haven't connected PC to the router yet and can't play anything that requires Steam.\n\nActivated Origin games work fine though. Because for some reason EA *isn't* using Always Online DRM and Valve *is*.\n\n**EDIT:** Steam will only enter offline mode if you are ~~currently connected to Steam servers~~ signed into the Steam client. If you have the foresight to go into Offline Mode before you lose your connection then you can play offline, if not, you're screwed.\n\nI should have had the foresight to go into offline mode before I moved, but I didn't, now I can't play Skyrim.", "that cant be right. ive used steam offline mode while on a train with my wifi off entirely", "Edited my post for elaboration.", "I use offline mode all the time. You just have to switch it before you disconnect. It works fine after that.  I've played many a game on long flights using this method. ", "That's my point, you need to be online to go offline.", "May want to recheck that, I go onto offline all the time without internet, granted you have to log in once first.", "Yes, you need to sign into the Steam client, with an internet connection, to go offline.", "I meant just once on that computer, afterwards you can log in offline all you want.", "Correct, but if you move house and forget to go offline before you leave then you can't use Steam until you get back online.", "But if you've been online on steam on your computer before moving you can go offline. You keep dancing around this. Just to test it for you, I reset my computer, booted with no internet, entered my name into the steam log in prompt, it couldn't connect and I hit \"offline mode\" and boom, offline mode steam without internet.", "while your internet is up and running, restart steam into offline mode. As long as that has been done you can play your games without issue. This step isn't completly necessary but will ensure your success. Hell my internet went down for 12 hours last night, about 2 hours after I had installed fallout: new vegas. offline mode worked just fine.", "I know how Offline Mode works, I edited my original post to elaborate.", "No one said it and I would think that the simple answer would be the sales.", "The sales are fantastic. Just Cause 2 for $2.50 helps me deal with the issues. ", "Steam is beloved because I am poor.  I can't--I wish I could, but I can't--afford 30 to 50 dollars for every game I buy.  Newest Halo Game?  I'm still sitting and waiting for the used price to drop.  I would love an xbox one, but I can't afford it.  \n\nWith Steam..  If I sit, and if I wait patiently, most games--even the fancy pants newer games-- will go on sale.\n\n20$ for L4D2?  No...  If i wait, I can get it for 4.99.  I can get it and the first game for under 8 bucks.  If I DO find a game on sale on xbox, I\"ll probably still have to pay full price for whatever DLC shave been released.  With steam, the DLC probably will go on sale at the same time.  and the same stands pretty true for xbox, or PC games.\n\nPlus!  Via steam, I'm exposed to all kinds of games I wouldn't have heard of otherwise.  I'm not limited to the big companies and what they put out, I get little indie games that are pretty awesome.\n\nAnd, while I agree that Origin is a waste of time and bandwidth, steam is pretty awesome in that without it, i'd have 85 different games installed.  I'd never know if I missed one when I reinstalled my computer.  I might even forget that a game exists because, there's nothing to remind me.  \n\nIt's cool you don't like Steam, but it gives a lot to me in terms of usability and functionality.  Admitedly, I've never had any unusual problems, eith the program, or with the game-steam interface.  Neither has any of my family or friends, so maybe I\"m biased, I guess.", "Well, i suppose it comes down to: Do you want a DRM scheme that incessantly fucks you in the ass and treats you like a criminal, or do you want a drm scheme that is fair, absurdly convenient and as part of the service, provides you with all the tools to be as much or as little involved in the community as you want? \n\nDRM isn't going anywhere. Personally I'm all for controlling the amount of  software licences that an individual is entitled to at any one time. As such I'd prefer a system that induced me as few headaches as possible. Now I've been through all of them...from having 2 installs maximum, to always online schemes...and so far Steam and Origin have been the only ones I can stomach. Yes..i did just say origin.   ", "I don't understand why bluray-players are so beloved now. It loads every time I turn it on, is one more thing between me and my movies that can go wrong, and I have issues with the UI. Now that media are requiring you to have a bluray-players, or mediaboxes, or whatever device before you play your movie is another hassle. Remember when you could just buy a VHS tape and plug it in? Technology is so overrated.", "That's a terrible example.", "Made me laugh ", "What is your point exactly?", "That's how's stupid you sound about steam.", "I guess you've never been unable to play a game because of Steam issues.  Good for you douche! ", "I see you're down voting to disagree with, mind reevaluating your comment ", "I put forth valid criticisms of steam. If you don't like or agree with me I don't care. ", "Darn right. Give me my damn cave drawings any damn day.", "Steam was pretty bad back then.  That's why they needed HL2 to be Steam exclusive.  People didn't trust it.  Around the time the orange box hit, steam was good.", "Steam used to suck. Real Cinderella story really.", "Jesus christ did you just send us to Funnyjunk?", "Id say its still not liked by the general public. I'm always surprised when I see people complaining about games requiring Steam. When I see a game uses steam, it's a plus for me. ", "pepperidge farm remembers. ", "I do remember. And I still hate Steam.", "I... I thought I was the only one...", "This is actually Fight Club, and Starwarsyeah is actually you.", "Awwww, well at least I got to bone Helena Bonham Carter.", "Oh dear god yes. I haven't owned a PC for some years now but I remember the initial steam launch like a bad memory. I haven't gotten to experience the new interface and I understand it is far far better but I still cringe every time I hear the name steam. Old habits and all that... ", "You mean the steam that seams to need a update every couple of days that steam? or the one that crashes when opening that steam? or the one that the chat disconnects all the time that steam? I still fucking hate steam but it is a cheap place to get games so I suffer through it.", "Never had a problem with it, myself.", "Obviously we're talking about a different steam because I've had ZERO problems with for the last 5+ years", "I believe you might be in the steam beta. Just remove yourself from the beta participant list and you will get far fewer updates.", "You and me both brother. ", "Steam still has DRM, it still restricts the rights of anyone who not only buys games from them but who buys games elsewhere. Until laws are passed to fix it Steam will always be chains. While the service it provides is valuable it comes at a heavy price that many seem to have accepted all too easily.", "Steam DRM is optional for developers, you can chose not to include SteamDRM in your game.", "DRM is not inherently bad, much in the same way that GMO are not inherently bad. It's more in how the company that uses them chooses to  go about it. Steam DRM is customer-centered. Compare Steam-DRM to the myriad of other game company DRM that treats you like a criminal and you'll see why Steam DRM is hardly a nuisance. The convenience factor and the amount of sales makes it extremely palatable. I could understand the hatred of DRM as far as steam goes, maybe years ago, when it wasn't as valid a platform as it is now.... but today you essentially do own your games for life since Steam isn't going to go belly-up and tell their fans (that practically worship them) to go fuck themselves. ", "The only way DRM isn't bad is if it can me implemented in a way transparent to the customer as long as anything they do is still centered around their own use of the product and no DRM scheme does that.  I can't think of a time where a game had DRM but didn't make you immediately aware and inconvenienced by it either by requiring disk in drive, a serial, or online activation.  If any of these can be inconvenient they can also fail outright and rob the customer of their purchase.  ", "For me, DRM is good if by it's implementation it can actually add value. Steam does this. I've formatted and upgraded many many times and I never have to worry about finding discs and serial codes. Have my steam login and all my games are there. I can redownload them at any time.", "Finding disks and serial codes are part of DRM.  Steam merely gives back some of the convenience that DRM took away to begin with.  With a complete and total lack of DRM you could back up and retrieve your games by any means you so chose, online or to an external drive or to optical media.  Zero value was added via steam, it merely doesn't take away as much as other forms of DRM.  ", "You **CAN** backup your steam games to external drive or optical media.\nSteam also allows you to manage all your games in one area (unified system with friends and community). This is added value as well. ", "Yup. Can't believe all they had to do is throw some affordable deals every summer to make people forget all it took to reach this point, how broken it was no more than 2 years ago and how much it still restricts your from ownership of your own games.", "&gt; all they had to do is throw some affordable deals every summer\n\nWell, they have sales on other seasons too. And they redeem humble bundle games. Plus, I can buy 100 games for the price of 1 physical copy. So I better take advantage of it while it lasts, and if it all ends someday, tough luck.\n\nAnd at least they're pushing for the family sharing feature. I wished I had something like that for my kindle.", "I miss the animated tray icon :(", "Yup, when steam first came out. We Called \"Steam...ing pile of crap!\"", "Oh man, the lack of a working friends list, that brings back memories. It's the only reason I kept X-Fire for as long as I did.", "man I fucking hate that site.  give me back my back button.", "Error Verifying Steam User ID Ticket", "Oh yes, what fun it was.\n    \nI think I did not start using steam properly until about 3 years after I signed up for it, maybe 4.\n    \nFor a while it was just that wonky thing that I needed to play Counter-Strike that I could not figure out why on earth it could be considered any better than what came before.\n   \nNow its pretty much holding almost my entire game library...\n   \nThen again, I derided USB as a fad so what do I know about the future.", "Is it weird that I read that whole thing hearing GLADOS's voice?", "I remember dreading steam updates as recently as 5 years ago.", "never             stop            playing                 1.5   ", "I'm pretty sure I didn't play H2 for a year because of how terrible Steam was at the time.", "The hours my 14-year old self waited for updating so I could play CS:S and HL2 Deathmatch (Only killbox maps). \n\nLuckily I never had a mic. I still swear that the only reason I became so fast at typing was the fact that I had to type questions in between respawns. \n\nIt's actually kind of odd seeing the 8 year badge on Steam. Doesn't feel like that long ago.", "Am I right that they offered no offline mode when they began? That certainly didn't help in the beginning.", "I never changed.", "Yea. Living in a rural area with christian parents (the internet has porn meaning i cant have internet) made any game that had to be installed via steam a fucking nightmare. Plus we were poor, bpught one copy amd shared amoungst everyone at lans. ", "Because it wasn't very good. It's better now ", "Back then our aDSL maxed out at 40 KB/s, and AT&amp;T told us that's as fast as it could get.  I was so mad at every custom Counter-Strike Source server.  If there was any reason I didn't like Steam, it was probably AT&amp;T's fault.", "Steam was shite back then. It's above-average today.\n\nBy today's standard the UI is very clunky and slow. Needs another update I reckon.", "Remember when friends was always there but never worked?", "I remember it well.\n\n\"Dammit, I just want to play CS. Why do I need this broken shit! 1.6 is out you bastards. SHIELDS!\"", "Yeah, Steam was awful for many years.  It finally managed to claw its way out of that, but honestly they still have issues.  They absolutely won't refund you for games that they say will work on you system and don't.  They still won't let you sell your used games.  ", "*noob", "I remember a different version of this gif, but still love this!", "I actually liked steam when it was first introduced. I could NEVER for the life of me connect to games using WON. Steam was my knight in shining armor helping me finally be able to connect to multiplayer games.", "lmao, playing CS in cal and THIS STEAM THING launching in quarter finals, i smashed a few keyboards during this time no doubt about that ", "i remember playing 1.5 as a kid. first memories of cs is everyone spawning, ducking and aiming at eachothers heads waiting for the spawn timer to clear", "They should bring that back for April Fools.", "I was a foolish child. I hopped on the WON forever bandwagon and ended up with a 6 digit steam number like a noob.", "That was around the same time Funnyjunk was relevant, wasn't it?", "Was this really what Steam did?", "I remember resisting Steam and deliberately holding off on getting CS:S because of it.", "I play Skyrim on my bootcamp partition of my MBP. Every time load up windows it comes up with something about steam validating an install or updating or something. ", "When I first installed it, it messed up my startup sequence and I had to reinstall Windows to get rid of it. I think it wasn't until HL2 until I reinstalled it and gave it another shot.", "Well it was a massive piece of shit when it debuted. Errors everywhere.", "A link to FunnyJunk.\n\nthat was a fucking blast from the past and a half", "I remember when FunnyJunk used to entertain me. Now it just seems... Childish.", "That's not funny, Steam actually did eat my Half-Life key when I tried to register it...", "I must be the only 12 year old who kept his mic off out of respect. Even at 12 years old, I hated 12 year olds, so I wouldn't subject others to my whiny voice.", "I remember in DOD, I'd join FF-On servers and pick an MG unit and spawn camp my own team's spawn points while the other team capped the entire map.  I like to think of myself as a spy, rather than a traitor.", "Yup. We used to make jokes about \"playing Steam\"", "ALWAYS ONLINE! RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE!", "I still don't like steam, pos always has to update shit ", "I hated steam so much. It was so slow and buggy compared to WoN and I didn't want to learn a new ID. Also CS 1.5 was seemingly more balanced when riot shields were OP. ", "Remember when steam would grind PC's to a halt when you weren't using it?", "Ooph... Steam on dial-up was rough.", "I held on to that hatred until about a year ago. To me it was threatening Half-Life 1 mods, which were probably the biggest part of multiplayer gaming for me at that time. Took me a good long while to get over that.\n\nI'm still not nearly in love with it as most folks, but it's convenient and has some great deals.", "Lol you think you know pain? When I first got HL2 I was on dial-up. It was almost a day before I could play it because of all the updates and other nonsense.", "Steam has improved a LOT over the years. This gif is funny, but mostly because it was kinda true. :)", "I do remember. And it was terrible.\n\nIt got better.", "But some people say steam was the only way to play games on PC a few years ago.", "I still don't like it, I mean, at best it's *okay*.", "I used to hate steam with a passion. It was one of the first pieces of software that had to be mandatory for game play and my internet connection was never the greatest. 11 year old me just wanted to shoot stuff and this stupid program would slow down my computer, try and hit me with advertisements for random crappy games and fill my MSN messenger email account with spam. 1 year ago i picked up Civ5 off steam and the fun has never stopped. I understand exactly why one day there probably wont be a Gamestop anymore because buying digitally is just.......... better. ", "TIL Reddit just upvoted a FunnyJunk post.", "Original Funnyjunk link is broken now. Mirror? ", "People shouldn't like steam. Its an entire platform of DRM.", "To be honest, i still dislike aspects of it.\n\nMost specifically, I hate having to have multiple steam accounts to have multiple dota 2 accounts. ", "I still don't like steam. Useless piece of bloatware", "2003 OG checking in.\n\nPeople fucking hated it, it crashed constantly, and it was slow as fuck. One of these things has changed.", "I'm guessing C.", "Well it can't be A because then it would have to be B and C as well.", "Remember..  yesterday?", "Fuck that.  It's like this NOW.  Since that retarded high resolution model update (for 1.6).", "The thought of Steam ending scares me every time I think about it. I got almost 500 games in my library. Mostly games I've bought cheaply through bundles, but I would say I've invested a good amount of money in Steam. Everything comes to an end at some point, so I just keep beating and enjoying as many of them as I can before I have to say farewell.", "I still hate Steam.\n\nEdit; BRING ON THE DOWNVOTES.", "Did Steam literally do this back in the day?", "It's still mad over rated and annoying, but at least it's not HL2 launch bad anymore. I still refuse to buy anything off it legitimately because of the price gouging though.", "You were doing okay until you hit \"price gouging\", at that point people decided you were a crazy person.", "I understand you may not like the software, but to say they're price gouging ? They have some of the best sales of games I have ever seen.", "&gt; price gouging\n\nWhat do you mean by this? Steam has some of the best sales for PC games.", "Steam's sales are insanely good, yes, but I have seen instances where games are cheaper in a bricks and mortar store than they are on Steam. Usually it's older games that have gone back up to close to full price in between sales.  Hardly bad enough to call it \"price gouging\", but it happens."]["Yeah, I recently got into pathfinder (basically a branch off of d&amp;d) and so far I like it a whole lot better than any video game I've ever played.", "I DM Pathfinder and 3.5. Great games. I highly recommend table top gaming to everyone. Vampire the Masquerade is another great game. ", "Tabletop really is fantastic. I just experienced my first high-level combat (started a 15th level campaign w/ 3 mythic tiers) in which myself and 2 allies faced off against around 5000 CR2 cannon-fodder and one actual threat (a guy who turned into a nightwalker and summoned a second nightwalker). It was seriously exciting and a lot of fun to roleplay.", "I dont even understand how any of that works lol", "How most table tops work: You say what you want to do. If what you want to do conflicts with someone else or something else's will or ability. You roll dice, the higher number wins the conflict and does resulting actions. \n\nThe best part of table tops is you make it your own. I've played some campaigns who strictly follow rules and battles can take 40 minutes per turn as people flip through a stack of books, arguing about how a system works. Then I've played campaigns who don't even care about a character sheet and want to tell a story. If someone argues or conflicts with something else, roll a d20, whoever wins gets to tell the next part of it.\n\nI'll give you a run through.\n\nGM: *You enter a room that is split in half with a deep pit cutting through the center*\n\nJim: I want to try and jump over the pit. (Rolls dice and adds modifiers)\n\nThe GM set up a number of 15. Jim has to roll (adding some stat bonuses) 15 to jump over the pit. He rolled a 10.\n\nNow the GM can say he died, or he takes damage. He can make him roll dice to see if he grabs the edge before falling into the pit. . . This goes on repeatedly. \n\nThe glorious part of this is you can do what ever you want. Have a 10 foot pole? Place it over the pit and try to walk across it. Have an amazing dexterity stat? Run across the wall to the other side. Want to leave the dungeon and walk away from the party? You can do that. Want to kick another player down the pit? You can do that. It's only limited by your mind and the dice. \n\nThink of the GM as the narrator, he/she sets up scenarios and characters for the players to interact with. He/she controls everyone who isn't a player. Some people like to role-play in which they actually act out the role and dialogue of their character with the GM (who will act out the role of every non-playable character) or other players. This creates an experience that is mostly unique. Maybe Jim did fall down that hole. Maybe that wasn't the end of him. A necromancer resurrected his battered corpse and his character ended up being a sub-boss.", "Wow this is actually helpful advice. ", "the whole telling part and saying what you do is the part I dont get. How does that even work? How does that turn into a game?", "\"I want to stab Tramd in the brain\"\n\n    BluntzFang rolled a 17\n    Tramd rolled a 5\n\n    Tramd was stabbed in the brain.", "that was kind of the impression I have but I always thought there must be more to it to make it more of a game instead of make believe with rules. ", "D&amp;D has always been make believe with rules. The books really do provide a lot of gameplay mechanics. However, it's the Dungeon Master's duty to choose which parts to follow, to ensure a fun time for the whole group.", "video games are to tabletop games what movies are to books.\n\nYou get more meat in a book than you do with a movie, and you get more involved in the story and make it as awesome as you want to imagine it to be.\n\nPlus, my 4 armed Codru-Ji Jedi warrior in my old starwars campaign was so badass that it wouldn't even work in a video game setting. We skipped an entire boss fight because I slashed my way through the floors of a building with my 4 tonfa lightsabers, and ended up collapsing the entire building on the boss instead of actually getting to fight him. They were throwing waves of enemies at us and just trying their best to retreat so they could escape before we finished him off, and I just shut down everything with my lightsabers.", "Appart from 4th ed, which was less make believe, more rules.", "So there are a bunch of different systems for gameplay in the tabletop world, but the D20 System that D&amp;D is based on is probably the most popular. \n\nIn the D20 system, most of what a character does is determined by how well they do on the roll of a 20 sided die, with a 20 being the best roll.\n\nGenerally a character is just like in any other RPG. They have a class, they have a race, they have stats that modify how good and bad they are at different things, they have skills, equipment, ect.\n\n**PHYSICAL COMBAT**\n\nCombat in D20 is actually a lot like combat in any RPG, the math just isn't hidden from the player. Everyone has an attack score that determines how good they are at hitting opponents. Everyone also has a defense score that determines how difficult it is to hit them. The attacking player rolls their D20 and then adds to the roll their attack score and any other modifiers like their strength/dexterity or if the weapon has a magical bonus. If the result is equal to or higher than the opponents defense, they hit. Then they roll damage which is determined by the weapon they use and other modifier like Strength and magical effects. It's important to note that almost all turn based RPGs use this system, it's just that the math is hidden from the player.\n\n**MAGIC**\n\nMagic is a bit different from video game RPGs. Rather than having a reserve of mana to draw from to cast spells, spells are instead ranked in power from 1 to 9. A player is limited in how many spells of each rank he can cast each day. For example, a 1st level character maybe be able to cast 2 or 3 rank 1 spells each day, and that is IT. As you might guess, playing a mage at early levels can be difficult. As you level up, you gain access to stronger spells and can cast weaker spells more often. \n\nMages are usually divided into two types: Prepared casters and Spontaneous Casters. A prepared caster typically has to select what spells that they want to cast in the morning and then is stuck with those spells for the day. If a spell ends up being not useful that day or if a caster really needs a spell he did not prepare...tough. Spontaneous casters select what spells they wish to cast on the fly and typically can cast more often than prepared casters. HOWEVER, a spontaneous caster only has access to a VERY limited number of spells that they can EVER cast from. So while a 5th level prepared caster may know over 100 spells, a spontaneous caster will know about 6. Furthermore, a spontaneous caster needs to wait an extra level before they earn the next rank of spells. So while a 5th level prepared caster has rank 3 spells, a 5th level spontaneous caster is still stuck at rank 2.\n\nThe biggest difference however between magic in pen and paper games and magic in video games is that magic spells are so much greater in depth and power. In a video game, magic spells can only really do about 4 things: Damage enemies, heal allies, buff allies, and debuff enemies. In tabletop RPGs, magic can be used to allow you to fly, it can be used to talk to the dead, it can be used to create obstructions like walls on the battlefield, it can be used to teleport players all over the world, it can be used to bind demi-gods, it can be used to create entire planes of existance. This is while still having all of the traditional magical powers I listed like damage and healing.\n\nIn Tabletop RPGs, the majority of spells that a player uses against enemies have what is called a Difficulty Class (DC). This determines how difficult it is to resist the spell. Each player has what are called Saving Throws that determine how good they are at resisting spells. If a player is targeted by a spell, they make a saving throw which is a D20 roll plus their saving throw modifier. If they succeed, the spell typically has either a reduced effect or is negated entirely. However, some of the best spells in the game do NOT allow for saving throws. \n\n**SKILLS**\n\nThese are things like how good you are at jumping, lock picking, riding a horse, swimming, climbing, persuading people, ect. Each skill is governed by a different ability and each class is better at certain skills. Some classes are also overall more skillful than others. As you level up, you can increase your skills. Whenever you want to use a skill, you describe what you want to do to the DM and they will decide what skill to use and what the difficulty is (The book gives the DM a LOT of guidance on how to do this, but to some degree the ultimate difficulty is up the DM). \n\nSome skills have static difficulty. For example, Climbing a wall. To climb a wall, the DM consults the book to determine what difficulty to assign to the wall. The player then rolls a D20 and adds their climb skill to the roll. If they overcome the difficulty, they succeed and climb the wall.\n\nOther skills are whats called opposed skills. For example, sneaking is considered an opposed skill. To sneak, a player rolls a D20 and adds their sneak skill (Often, a DM will ask a player what their sneak skill is and then roll the D20 themselves secretly behind a screen. This is because a player should not know how sneaky they are, but if the player rolls low, they will know that they likely failed). Once the player has rolled their sneak roll, any other players or NPCs in the are are given a Perception roll to see if they detect the sneaking player. They roll a D20 and add their Perception skill and if they beat the sneaking player's roll, they see them. \n\n**ROLEPLAY**\n\nRoleplay is really were the tabletop genre shines about other RPGs. People get frustrated when they play video game RPGs because they're often limited by how their character can react to a situation. In a tabletop game, you are free to do whatever you desire. For example, your character just rescued the princess and is brought to kneel before the king to receive his boon. What you say to the king is entirely your choice. Do you ask for her hand in marriage? Do you ask to be made a lesser noble? Do you take this opportunity to try and SLAY the king and ursurp his throne? You can certainly try (Success is not a guarantee ;P)\n\nOne of the best things about roleplaying is how it gives you a ton of freedom to approach a situation. Lets say your party has tracked a gang of bandits to a cabin in the woods. How do you approach the situation? Do you kick in the door and slay them? Do you wait until the middle of the night, sneak in and slit their throats in their sleep? Do you barricade the doors from the outside secretly and then set the building on fire? Do you summon a demon into the building to murder them? Do you create the illusion of an army outside to trick them into surrendering? Do you teleport an ACTUAL army to overwhelm them? \n\nRoleplay is where you are most freed from the rules, although your degree of freedom is determined by the DM. Roleplay however is also what makes tabletop RPGs less of a game and more collaborative storytelling. Much of what makes a game is what the players chose to do with it (this is hard to learn and manage as a DM). As a DM you have to be prepared sometimes for players to do what you didn't want/expect them to do. For example, if a video game tells the player that they have to go rescue the princess from the dragon, the player is going to do that because that's the only choice the game provides them. In a tabletop game, you have to totally be prepared for your players to say \"No, screw that, I'm going to go delve a dungeon for artifacts of power, or buy a ship and become a pirate, or start a war to take over this kingdom.\"", "Yea, at the end of any given session or group of sessions there's a really shiny thing that you and your friends want. Also, in the process of getting that thing, your character gets better. Now that you've made a name for yourself by finding shiny things, another NPC tells you about another shiny thing. Now you got yourself a game goin'.", "So can I kill everyone at the start of a game and win?", "It depends on the game. In most tabletop RPG's all of the players will team up and go on a quest, which ultimately ties together into an overall plot defined by the DM and player choices. Think of it as a co-op game, but any PC can [betray, manipulate or kill](http://i.imgur.com/Vb4dKH9.png?1) any other PC at any time. You do have unlimited freedom in what you choose to attempt to do.\n\nThere are some tabletop RPG's that encourage conflict between players, but most encourage cooperation.", "There are still stats like armor class and strength etc. They'd fight back and possibly kill you but yes, you could try to stab anything you want whenever you want. ", "It depends on how you define winning. DND is generally co-op multiplayer, not PVP (though the rules say it could be). If you're just killing to piss off the other players, then it's not really winning. It's making the game unplayable and shitty.\n\nAnd the DM is essentially god. Any DM worth his/her salt wouldn't allow you to straight up kill the other players for no reason.\n\nHaving said that, one of the best campaigns I've played was one in which our entire party of characters were evil. We roleplayed hating eachother's guts, and trying to underhandedly destroy eachother while we were more-or-less forced to work together for a series of common goals. Really fucking fun.", "There needs to be a reddit bot for this.", "It's cooperatively playing pretend, or acting out a play without a script that's written ahead of time.  One person is the Game Master or Storyteller or Dungeon Master who controls the world and all the characters NOT played by real people (Non-Player Characters, or NPCs.)  Everyone else has a character of their own.\n\nEver watch kids playing pretend?  You can get fights of \"you missed me!\"  and \"no I didn't!\"  So table-top is playing pretend with rules.  \n\nCharacters have ability scores which rank them comparatively against averages and each other.  Like we saw in the image of the original post, the highest score this Warden had was an 18 Constitution.  Constitution is the score in this system that covers how hardy someone is, how much stamina they have, how unlikely they are to get sick, and how easy it is to shrug things off.\n\nDifferent systems are out there with different scores and skills and even completely different worlds.\n\nSome terminology:\n\n**Campaign world** - the setting that the series of adventures will take place within.  Sometimes written from scratch, sometimes prewritten.\n\n**Campaign** - a series of adventures with the same characters and same overarching plot.  It's like a play.\n\n**Adventure** - a single subsection of the larger plot.  Usually what can be played out in a single session.\n\nNote:  Every game has different terminology, but the basics are the same - adults playing pretend with one person in charge of the setting.  Contests are decided through random chance by the rolling of dice.\n\n", "A guy I play D&amp;D with calls it \"storytelling jazz\" and it's the most apt description I've heard for it. You have a basic structure (notes/rules) but what you do with it is up to you and the DM. ", "Yep, absolutely beautiful description.  There is also freeform RP, usually text-based online RP takes this form, where two or more people are both playing and running things at the same time.\n\nGoing to have to borrow that line, \"storytelling jazz.\"  Awesome.", "I think that's why its such an interesting concept to think about as I've never known or seen anyone playing dnd and the role of the DM seems pretty damn involved. ", "It is!  It takes a special sort of person to want to create the world, come up with the story, and guide your players through it without insisting that they all do exactly what you want.  Imagine you've got a whole world in mind, let's take The Lord of the Rings.  You've got four people in your group, and they're playing the Hobbits (Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin.)  The other characters are far more powerful at the start so would likely be non-player characters or NPCs.\n\nImagine that when Gandalf comes to tell Frodo that he has to take the ring out of the Shire, Frodo says, \"Nah, fuck that.  I'm gonna get drunk.\"  Or that in Bree (if they eventually get there), they decide to attack your wonderfully described NPC who you've given the code-name of Stider to, not yet revealing that yes, this guy is the guy who will eventually be King.\n\nThere's a reason some DMs use screens to hide their information and dice rolls.  You don't want your entire story arc destroyed because of one bad or good roll.\n\n[Here is a celebrity game from PAX 2010.](http://youtu.be/gp0PgnXXf_A)", "I think one of the important qualities of a DM you missed is sometimes players are childish assholes and will refuse to do anything related to what you planned and it's the DMs job to get them on track or say fuck it and make up a new plan cause your players are ungrateful assholes who don't appreciate the planning that goes into DMing. Case in point would be if Frodo decided to get drunk and use the ring for a genital piercing because fuck you gandalf you're not my real dad.", "In many games, it is. I'm DM'ing Edge of the Empire right now. Still learning the system, but its pretty fun so far.", "&gt; the role of the DM seems pretty damn involved.\n\nYes, they are.  The DM would pretty much fill the roles of writers and programmers for a video game.  Lore is more or less handled by the game company, but easily overridden by the DM if he/she chooses.  Art and graphics is your own imagination.  A good DM can make your experience very immersive and entertaining.  A not-so-good DM will make you wonder why you didn't decide to get drunk and re-watch the Game of Thrones series instead.", "so my chance of ever playing a game don't look very good lol", "DM says you walk into a cavern, there's a skeleton. Player one wants to demolish it with the righteous fury of his heathen heretic demigod. No book will tell you \"Do this to decide\", but the DM can say...ok make a d20 roll. The player rolls a 19, the skeleton turns into a pile of vapory goo. The end.", "well that's probably not the best description, doesn't make it sound very appealing. ", "That's not how it really works. ", "with a really good imagination.  ", "A lot of it is the dungeonmaster interacting with the players, he responds to everything the players do with npc actions, either planned ahead or improvised.\n\nThere are basic game mechanics and limits to what you can do (skill checks, rounds, turns, abilities etc), but a big part is still just party and dm interacting within the limits and setting the dm chose and prepared.", "If you have ever seen Who's Line Is It Anyway, its kind of like that. Except more structured. Or not depending on the group.\n\n\nAnd if you haven't seen that show, then you a re a horrible human being.", "well that just makes me want to play", "Jeff Davis from Who's Line is it Anyway plays D&amp;D on the Harmontown podcast with Dan Harmon (creator of Community)", "There are lots of rules that say what you can do, but by and large it's up to the DM.\n\nExample:\n\nDM: \"You see a green gelatinous blob in the center of the room. Suspended in the blob is a jewel-encrusted golden crown.\"\n\nPlayer 1: \"I approach the blob and poke it with my wand.\"\n\nDM: \"The blob jiggles slightly, but doesn't appear to respond otherwise.\"\n\nPlayer 1: \"I use my [detect magic](http://paizo.com/prd/spells/detectMagic.html) skill on the blob.\"\n\n&lt;DM secretly rolls dice and views the result.&gt;\n\nDM: \"The blob appears to be unmagical.\"\n\nPlayer 2: \"I hack at it with my sword!\"\n\nDM: \"Your sword cuts through the blob as though it were jelly. As pieces fall to the ground, the remaining large mass starts to jiggle ferociously. It breaks into many pieces, and you are now surrounded by 10 [green slimes](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/gamemastering/traps-hazards-and-special-terrains/hazards/environmental-hazards/green-slime-cr-4)! At the center, a single level 2 [Slime Lord](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/3rd-party-prestige-classes/alluria-publishing/slime-lord) takes shape, with the jewel-encrusted crown at its center.\"\n\n... And so on.", "I have a feeling if I was  DM I would work too hard at killing my players. ", "Haha. I haven't played since I was a teenager. But if you wanted to start I'd suggest buying a few things. There is the main set of books which can be different for different games. Start with that and read.  Then buy a campaign book. Get the dice you need. Character creation paper (usually just copy from main book) and pencil. But start with main book and read it. You will understand much more.  ", "Oh I doubt it, I'd have no one to play with lol", "[This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-61i3R5y9Y) video has a pretty good representation of the average tabletop RPG session, and starts out with a simple explanation of how it all works. Keep in mind that the specific rules they use for this game are only one of many, *many* possible sets of rules. The way they describe their actions and then resolve them is fairly standard throughout most such games, it's just that the types of dice used and what they mean that changes.", "How do you respond when you play a game like skyrim? A wolf is biting your leg. Do you stab it? Do you burn it with a flame spell? Do you sneak away? Do you climb a tree and rain down arrows?", "yes but you actually get to do those things. ", "RE the telling: The DM can do a number of things... (1) follow a set adventure module published by some gaming company, ala Abed in that episode of community... (2) make up a \"module\" him/herself, which I've done a lot of times, with maps drawn on graph paper, pre-rolled lists of monsters, if/then trees for what the players might decide to do... or (3) free-ball it: if you know the rules well enough you can let the players pretty much go where they want and throw in random encounters and monsters they should, with a little brainpower, be able to defeat.\n\nRE the saying: You can do anything within the context of the game's reality. so if you're a warrior, you can't realistically shoot laser beams from your eyes, but if you need to bash a chair over someone's head, you can do that. Your stats and skills determine how well you bash that chair over someone's head, and the properties of the chair as written in the rulebooks for wooden objects determine how badly the chair hurts the bashee (adding or subtracting for how strong or weak your character is).\n\nThe game will start off with the DM usually telling a short description of things, The who, what, when, where, and how. He/she will be sure to mention the key properties of the place to attract the players' attention then the DM will eventually get to a point where the players have to make choices. The players try to make these choices as if they were their characters, and talk amongst themselves to come to a decision. A good DM though, will always find a way to nudge the players into the place he/she wants them to be.", "Want to be a bear with such good disguising and bluffing that he can just pretend to be a human? You can do that.", "[Visual Aid](http://youtu.be/54VJWHL2K3I)\n\n\nOk, it's just an excuse for me to post this awesome song parody.  (Still very relevant, however.)", "You would love this episode of [Futurama.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futurama:_Bender%27s_Game)  It pretty much acts out what you explained, which is pretty cool IMO.", "This all sounds interesting, now are there sites or anything where we can do this online? I'd love to give this a go online (if that's a thing). It sounds like fun.", "Absolutely. Many have recommended [Roll20](http://roll20.net/)", "Oooh. Interesting! Thank you very much! I've tried googling and could not find anything like this for the life of me", "It's especially fun if you manage to get a group together that puts more emphasis on roleplaying. My group speaks in-character almost exclusively, only breaking character to describe actions. ", "Haha! Good job. I tend to hate combat. I much prefer intrigue and roleplaying. ", "I dont know anybody who would do a tabletop game...\n\nOn a related note with D&amp;D: I'm really interested in making a necromancer who turns himself into a lich. Maybe start as lawful neutral or something. Obey the laws and then slowly grasp for more and more power. Eventually spend all my exp and gold on turning myself into a truly immortal demilich with pimping soul gems.\n\nI'd make my phylactery a darksteel ingot.\n\nRead about a guy in this D&amp;D campaign where one of the players in the group had killed some mage in a cave. While looking for loot he found a piece of hair inside a vial which had been inside a desk and decided he would take the vial. Some time later they were on a boat and in the middle of the night the lich reforms and starts crawling out of the guys bag. Everyone laughed at him for taking a phylactery", "Google it, many towns have comic book stores and game stores that let random people come up and play at their store.", "Listen to this man. I've gamed at my FLGS (Friendly Local Game Store) nearly every Friday and Saturday Night for the last ten years.", "Necromancers RULE", "&gt; I dont know anybody who would do a tabletop game... \n\n\nI'm in the same boat... I'm in my thirties and the friends I have that would be interested in gaming don't get what is appealing about tabletop games vs. RPG games on PC or consoles. I try to explain the open choice and imagination side of tabletops and they respond with \"How's that different than dialogue trees and a sandbox world?\". I dunno how to convince anyone that can't see the obvious difference.", "Have these poor saps ever read a book?", "Dread Necromancer sounds like your kind of class. It's in Libris Mortis, which is one of the supplement books for D&amp;D 3.5\n\nIf no one in your area is doing D&amp;D, try looking for the Warhammer/40k versions; Dark Heresy, Rogue Trader, etc. They're also very good, very atmospheric.", "check out this website. https://app.roll20.net/home", "If you have a good DM you can get away with a lot. I played for a few weeks this past summer (first time ever playing), and a lot of the shit we pulled was hilarious cause we had a DM that just rolled with up.\n\nThere was one encounter that has us fighting what were supposed to be raged hippos or something, but do to a misprounciation got turned into radioactive (radioactive like) hippos that glowed green and turned into radioactive sludge on death. I ended up gathering up a lot of that sludge and hauling it around, only to almost have it mutate me like 2-3 times (I only roll well when not in combat unfortunately).\n\nThere were a few other events like when we tricked a set of angels into committing genocide and a story involving some faries that cost me a bedroll. ", "My character is fun to play for combat, he's a demonic jester alchemist. At one point my strategy became run up to the bad guys and make myself explode. One of my allies was a gunslinger riding a flying carpet and the other was a wizard who transformed into a dragon (basically wiping out 1/10 of the cannon fodder every round).", "My group has been playing the same campaign now for 6 years (playing every other Saturday). After going through three editions with the same characters (3.5, 4e, and now Pathfinder) we finally are reaching the top tier of levels.\n\nIt's been a crazy road of adventures full of many character deaths and resurrections, and I wouldn't give up those memories for anything.", "Wow, that's a serious campaign there. It may seem odd, but I'm kind of looking forward to my first character death.\n\nEdit: Not because I dislike the character, I just want to have fond memories of a dead character XD ", "Yeah, taking a character from 1 to (if we survive our current assault on the assassin's guild) 20 is an amazing experience. I'm glad I've been able to have this stable of a group. Reading comments in this thread, I'm discovering how lucky I am.", "I won't be going from 1 to 20 anytime soon, but I'm going to be starting a 6th level campaign this week that will be going on for a good while. We're actually alternating DMs between this campaign and the high level one, with a side campaign when we feel like it. The side campaign is gonna be fun, my character for that is a siege mage archetype wizard who acts like a pirate (the campaign takes place on a privateer ship).", "Make sure you go out with pizzazz .", "Similar experience here, but we've just stuck to 3.5. We're all currently about level 13, and the DM's storyline is really coming to an absolutely amazing head. We've managed to scrape through with no character deaths (I've been in negative HP plenty of times), and it's really starting to feel like everything an epic story should be. ", "Our group tends to bite off more than they can chew, but it leads to great stories. As of right now we cashed in all our favors from across the city and are assaulting THE assassin's guild. As of our last session, we've found ourselves in a level that has a permanent Cloud Kill spell going on, we were being attacked by two invisible assassins (50 HP a hit with Con damage), and had unwittingly woken up a CR 22 Death Knight that breathed out a 60ft cone of fire and negative energy that caused 22d10 damage and two negative levels.\n\nIf it had not been for the level 20 Paladin NPC and Angel we brought with us, it would have been a TPK.", "Higher levels are so scary. It's like, yeah, I can dish out damage like no one's business, but so can the other guy, and they can do it even better. I realized that when we went up against a Magma Elemental, a Smoke Elemental, and an Air Elemental, all at once. Specifically, I realized, due to a slip on the DM's part, that if the Magma Elemental hadn't rolled a 1 on an attack, I would have absolutely been beyond dead. Like, thirty HP in the negatives dead. ", "I'm from the really old school of D&amp;D.  The books that came out in 1980.  I just bought the pathfinder books and really enjoy this system. I'm the DM in a campaign. I converted the old module \"The Lost City\" to Pathfinder. It is working pretty good.\n", "I just want someone to convert Planescape to Pathfinder. Please. That's all.", "For me, I got into Shadowrun, which got me into AD&amp;D.  \n\nI know I've got character sheets older than some redditors.", "Warning:  Being a vampire seems like all fun and games until some Mage turns you into a lawn chair.", "And then is immediately turned inside-out by a massive Paradox backlash.", "[Worth it!](http://timecapsl.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/insideout.jpg)", "When people say this this is how you know they've never played mage.", "Awe.  It was actually a legitimate topic of discussion way the hell back in Ascension 1st edition, when people were trying to hash out the crossover rules, although it eventually just became synonymous with twinking.\n\nYou could technically pull it off if you had Life 4, Matter 5, Entropy 3, full successes on an Arete roll, and a flagrant disregard for paradox.  At the end of the day, it isn't all that much worse than the nuke-from-orbit rote that Technocrats have pulled once or twice on vamp elders.  The only major difference being that you end up with a touch less collateral damage and a stylish piece of furniture when you're done.", "&gt;Vampire the Masquerade is another great game\n\nTell me more. Where can I find more resources/ full rule books? I just did some preliminary research and what I've found thus far looks interesting. ", "Hi! I work for [Onyx Path Publishing](http://theonyxpath.com), the licensed publishers for Vampire: The Masquerade and other World of Darkness games.\n\nThe most recent Vampire: The Masquerade rulebook is [Vampire: The Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition](http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/94815?affiliate_id=13). Maybe a little pricey, but it's 528 full-colour pages with virtually everything you need to play the game, with material culled from a dozen earlier books, revised and updated.\n\nThe earlier version is [Vampire: The Masquerade Revised Edition](http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/647?affiliate_id=13) if you're looking for something a little more affordable.\n\nAll our products are available on DriveThruRPG in PDF, and many of them in print as well, and our selection continues to grow.\n\nLet me know if you have any questions, or swing by /r/WhiteWolfRPG. ", "&gt; Let me know if you have any questions\n\nIs Onyx handling the Trinity properties?  I heard a rumor about an Abberant re-launch.", "Yes! In fact, I'm the lead developer on the new Trinity Continuum.", "Awesome - best of luck to you guys.", "Thanks!", "Does that mean you're Ian or John?", "Awesome. Thanks.", "Just so you know: D&amp;D and Vampire represent two very different styles of play.\n\nKnowing which one suits you best, or being able to adapt (and set your expectations) is key.\n\n(That said: a suitably motivated group should be capable of playing a system in any style)\n", "All the people in my Pathfinder game play that vampire game except me. They keep trying to get me to join.  I tell them if I go, I'm going to play one of those twilight vampires and throw glitter on everyone there.", "That's a workable character concept: a tragic Twilight fan embraced and abandoned by a Malkavian as a twisted joke.\n\n", "Came in to say Malkavian as well. Your idea is brilliant btw.", "Vampire: The Masquerade is part of the \"old\" World of Darkness and frankly has some wonky rules. Vampire: The Requiem is part of the \"new\" World of Darkness and is commonly considered to have a better rule system, and the books will be much easier to find. The setting and flavour is very different though.\n\nThe World of Darkness is the setting for a bunch of different RPGs somewhat in the same world, all made by White Wolf. The \"old\" WoD had nearly entirely different rules for each game while the \"new\" is much more crossover-friendly.\n\nI just thought you should know about both before you make a decision. ", "If you enjoy character development and RP, AND have a DM willing to put effort into it, AND a group willing to ignore wonky rules and not try to exploit everything, then it's a solid amazing game with a much better atmosphere, feel, and much more fleshed out lore than VTR, personally, I've never played VTR, but i've only heard it's like what 4th ed was to 3.5, which makes me sad.", "Alternatively, if you're really cheap, or just wanting to try it out, you can get all the books for world of darkness in general (the universe it's set in also has were-things, ghosts, mages that bend reality at a whim, and \"hunters\" which are humans, among other things,) from piratebay, and theres got to be hundreds of books by now, so I think the \"well I wouldn't have bought it anyway\" excuse applies here.\n\nIf you're interested in the world, try Vampire the masquerade - Bloodlines on steam, which is an excellent introduction to the universe, and is on steam for, I think, anout 10.\n\nI do highly recommend you buy some actual books though, VTM:V20 is a fantaatic book, and I highly recommend it, if not anything else to serve as leverage that vtm is not dead. ", "I can provide them in pdf for you.", "that would be great", "Just finished a great campaign on Pathfinder, now my friends and I are playtesting our friend's own system. It's so much fun, Mondays and Fridays are my favourite nights.", "Is there a way that you would recommend so that people could get into it easily? My friends and I keep hearing that it's takes too much effort to play and DM, but what would the easiest way to introduce the game(s) to your friends (a hook of-sorts)?", "Pathfinder has a [beginner's box](http://paizo.com/pathfinderRPG/products/beginnerbox), which from what I've heard is a pretty effective introduction.", "Find someone with experience playing and have them help you along. I have learned a few new game systems and it never took more than a few sessions to really pick up a new RPG game if you have a decent teacher. ", "I'd recommend downloading [Fate Core](http://www.evilhat.com/home/fate-core-downloads/) for free and checking it out. Create a world together you are interested in playing in together.\n\nFate requires very little in terms of system mastery and effort to get into. It's a very story-oriented game.\n\nAs for getting your friends interested: Try to tell them how much awesome stuff you can do. From Star Wars though Fantasy and to Cyberpunk you can tell any number of stories you desire.", "Great graphics too", "3.5 is the way to go!", "I've always wanted to but no one wants to that I know", "I'm talking to my friends about being the DM for a 2 player adventure D&amp;D game. None of us know where to get started, do you have any direction for a guy like me? ", "Don't forget Shadowrun. Nothing says \"I'm about to make a badass roll\" like a full double-handful of d6.", "I used to larp vampire, over rated imo when nearly everyone wanted to be a blood sucker. I preferred mage the ascension. We also included werewolf, the mix was fun. Then Warhammer happened. I can never return to pen and paper now but d&amp;d will  always have my respect.", "RIFTS FTW", "Are you me? I got into tabletop gaming because of Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines, Now I own every VTM book, and every MTAs book! I also regularly play GURPS in a fallout/elder scrolls setting, and D&amp;D, and any other good games me and my friends can fine, like shadowrun, cyberpunk, CoC, we played one game about ninja pizza delivery, but I can't remember what it was called.", "I really want to get into it. I have some friends who do it, I should join up and have them teach me.\n\nI'm always inspired by stories like [Chuck the Orc's Take on 'Escape the Camp](http://i.imgur.com/lGmSaEU.jpg), or the Tale of Ozzmarr: [Part 1](http://0-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/tg/image/1339/29/1339295325237.png) / [Part 2](http://1-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/tg/image/1339/29/1339295770920.png)", "Vampire: The Masquerade is a great game!!! But some times I prefer Vampire: Dark Age. ", "V20 Dark Ages is [coming in 2014](http://theonyxpath.com/schedule) if you're interested.", "V20 Dark Ages is [coming in 2014](http://theonyxpath.com/schedule) if you're interested.", "VtM is a great game when played with the right people. ", "Yeah, it's really easy to break the game. Celerity is the worse offender.\n\nThen again, any game can be a great game with the right people.", "That goes for all PnP RPGs though. Let me tell you, DnD 3 with a bunch of powergamers isn't much fun.", "Pathfinder is fun.  I have moved backwards though, and we're enjoying some AD&amp;D and 2nd Edition in my gaming group currently!", "I wish I knew people who would play Pathfinder with me, it's great fun.", "You can play online via roll20.net and other pieces of software. I was able to find a weekly game via their forums!", "They just added 10 new classes today", "I prefer pathfinder to the new dnd 4.0. I'm also trying to build a lvl 2 Inquisitor...so many..options!!!", "i just got into Talisman with all of its expansions. Sure, games take about 10 hours to play but it has been a blast playing with friends, in real life.  Then again, beer makes everything better. ", "It makes me a bit sad seeing so many people coming into roleplaying through DnD and PF. It is a very rules-focused, boardgamey system (that of course can be used to play in a totally different way), which can make people think roleplaying is all about combat and rolling dice. \n\nI would suggest FIASCO, as the first roleplaying game people play since it is at the total other end of the spectrum with imagination, acting and wit taking the center stage instead of dice and miniatures.", "If you like pathfinder, your going to *love* savage worlds. ", "Try using roll20.net makes the bad parts of D&amp;D go away\n", "It can be! Check out [roll20.net](http://www.roll20.net). The site lets you build your own maps, and saves sessions, notes, and more between sessions. Supports Pathfinder, D&amp;D, and hex maps, too. Oh, and it's free.\n\nEDIT: linked.", "Plus drawing penises on the map board is fun", "I've been playing a campaign on roll20 for a long time now, but for some reason playing \"Hide The Penis\" never gets old.", "And suddenly, inspiration:\n\nBag of Holding = Fleshlight.", "Next thing you know, you're playing strip poker with a Deck of Many Things.*\n\n* yes, this is a complete rip-off of an /r/rpg joke, sue me.", "You don't play anything with the Deck of PC Killing other than Russian Roulette.", "I always thought of it as the deck of plot device, or maybe the deck of kaiyo ken x20 (I.e. \"Oh no, I'm in a corner, better pull out the only thing that has a chance of saving me.\")", "came in the comments to state exactly this! Able to have your own rules for your game seeing as it's just a digital table-top. As stated, can even do hex maps if you wanted that. There is a paid option as well if you're the DM and _REALLY_ want to have some crazy stuff like dynamic lighting for the characters. \n\nThe added bonus that your players (or your DM) can be anywhere in the world and you can still play! I don't have many people around me physically that like D&amp;D unfortunately...so I find people to play with on roll20.net. ", "I had a group that I was taking through their first campaign, so we used roll20 to save all their stats, do their rolls, etc. It's surprising how much material you're expected to buy to start into Pathfinder.\n\nAnyway, we'd sit around my living room on laptops (me on my desktop nearby) and play. Well, one of the guys got accepted at Full Sail and had to move away, but we just skype'd him in and played that way (roll20 has voice chat, but its not that great IMO). While we missed him physically, he was still able to be very much part of the game still. Really great.", "DM: It is dark and your likely to be aten by a grue", "So much love for hex. So Much. ", "I am also dming pathfinder and will be playing on roll20. Its great. I love the dynamic light map. Makes it feel so cool and you can automate a lot of the busy work in rpgs", "Saved", "I've used MapTools in the past... And there was a lot of issues for us using it, such as making sure everyone has an old version of Java downloaded and functional, etc, etc.\n\nThis actually seems really handy. Bookmarked for future reference.\n\n*Don't get me wrong, MapTools was really useful. This just seems like the natural step up. Also the 3D die? nnngghhhhhh*", "for later", "Are there games that do not happen in real time? Due to time difference and geo location.", "I am not sure, but the system is certainly robust enough to support that. ", "I've used [*Fantasy Grounds*](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=97590652) and it's pretty neat.", "Don't forget you can torrent all of the books for whatever game you're playing. ", "So many Sundays spent playing D&amp;D, good times all around. I miss those days.", "But you ARE playing a PC!!\n\nOr rather... you ARE the PC... woah dude, this shit's getting deep!", "Nah man, OP already said he was the DM. ", "OP, the PC killer.", "Nice, is there a PnP raid on gaming?  That's fucking awesome.  Get some drow shit up in here, nerdbros.", "Fucking Drow, always stunning and paralyzing my shit.", "I've been checking out D&amp;D NEXT recently! It's actually pretty good. Most of my group is completely new to tabletops and roleplaying (two of them like Borderlands and one of them doesn't play ANYTHING) and it's been really nice how simple NEXT is to explain to them. It definitely doesn't feel as robust as 3.5 did, but I'll take it for now.", "Well, keep in ind that it's still in beta. The developers have said that the current playtest packet is just 1/4 of the content that it will have after upon release.\n\nAwesome system though; it just feels great.", "By far one of the least mainstream games out there. I didn't even know how to get into one of those esoteric \"D&amp;D games\" until I found a friend that knew his stuff. It's one of those things that are really difficult to get into, but completely worth it once you do.", "What do you consider \"mainstream?\" ", "Things like call of duty, plants vs. Zombies, chess, candy crush, the big bang theory, etc. \n\nYes, I realize thay DND is pretty mainstream in the tabletop gaming world, and the roleplaying world. But what percentage of the entirety of the \"stream\" are those things? \n\nTo the average high school student (when I first started) you see DND in that 70's show, the IT crowd, and other medium, but you don't really understand it or know how you even get started. Where is the DM manual section at gamestop? is there a store in the mall? \n\nIt wasn't my point that DND is 2underground4u, it was that it's much more difficult than the rest of the games typically on this subreddit ", "Yeah, D&amp;D is pretty much THE game when it comes to tabletop RPGs, but that doesn't make the hobby as a whole easier to get into. Better hope the planets are aligned and the moon is in the house of Gygax if you want to pay and don't have somebody experienced to help you out.\n\nThankfully, games like Fiasco, Star Wars Edge of the Empire, and Fate Accelerated Edition are trying to make it easier.", "Ah, I see what you mean now. I thought you were comparing it to the rest of tabletop gaming. Yeah, D&amp;D isn't extraordinarily popular compared to some other games, but as far as pen and paper gaming, it's probably the biggest thing out there. Also wonderfully fun under the right DM, or with enough creativity.", "I realised the way it could be interpreted a bit later, But Yeah.\n\nI actually have a semi regular game session with the friend who hooked me up in the first place, and may start a new campaign with my roommate and a new group. \n\nI'm enjoying myself.", "I haven't personally tried it because the graphics are a bit primitive. But I hear it got great feedback from the community and it's user mods are the best. Still waiting for the graphics and content patch.", "Dude, the HomoSapiens Br.a1n is the highest quality GPU you can get, if you're not getting the best graphics maybe you should up your settings?", "Did you spell brain weird with a unnecessary capitol letter to mess with me or am I high?", "Yes.", "Yes, I'd like to get into it but that sheet looks like a foreign language to me.", "Well do you play RPGs otherwise?", "&gt; It's one of those things that are really difficult to get into, but completely worth it once you do.\n\nThis is what bums me out.  If I could find a group of D&amp;Ders, I'd be all up for it, but it's just so hard to find tabletop game groups.", "/sarcasm", "mmm no actually. If you look at my replies to other people you'll see my reasoning.", "Ok, I really thought that was sarcasm :)", "Are you serious", "Yes.\n\nI supplied an anecdote of my experiences involving D&amp;D. Is your experience different? Are you going to elaborate or just be condescending and vague?", "I think his comment is more along the lines that D&amp;D is the most mainstream of tabletop RPGs, to the point of where there are anecdotes of people having a hard time convincing others to try systems other than D&amp;D 3.P.  Even when those systems better model what they want to play.\n\nIt is not so much that D&amp;D is one of the least mainstream games out there.  It is more that D&amp;D players usually don't advertise that they play, so finding a group makes the game seem so uncommon.", "To be fair, when I read this:\n\n&gt;By far one of the least mainstream games out there\n\nI thought you were being sarcastic as well. It's possible I just run in different circles, but I'd consider D&amp;D to be mainstream.\n\nIt seemed like you were going to start with bashing D&amp;D and move onto suggesting a better, less popular, PnP game.", "My bad, sir. I simply found that dnd is more talked about than actually played in the most mainstream circles. \n\nI suppose I said something like \"dude avenged sevenfold is sooo not mainstream\" \n\nWhich isn't technically wrong but within the metal subgenre people would be \"wtf dude..\"\n\nmy mistake, I'm an entire noob at all things dnd but I love every taste I get. ", "Yeah, I don't think you were actually in the wrong, and the rest of your comment made it clear what you meant. I was just trying to possibly justify what ghostinseashell was saying.\n\nAlso, there are other systems that are easier to pick up and play if you're having trouble getting a group together to start a game. I'd suggest looking at FATE (Core, or any of the variants, like Dresden Files RPG or Spirit of the Century) or Marvel Heroic Role Playing. \n\nThe latter is great especially for newcomers because when you start it's with established characters. Role Playing for the first time is easier when it's with a character you *know*. You don't have to think too hard to figure out how Tony Start will act.\n\nDungeon World is also great (and currently my favorite system) but it's a bit harder on the GM. Not necessary because it requires a lot of work, it doesn't, but it *does* require them to be able to think on their feet quite  bit. It's also pretty fundamentally different than most other systems, to adjusting to it can be difficult at first.", "For all the hate 4e got, I've had some great times with it.", "As much as everyone hates 4e, I don't think it's a bad system. It would have been an excellent system under any other name, but I think what ultimately killed it was that it claimed to be D&amp;D, but didn't feel like D&amp;D. It's exactly like reading a series of books by one author, then reading a sequel to that series by another who has a different writing style. It just doesn't feel the same, and under the name of the original series would make you like it less, even if it was actually a good story.", "I was afraid that this would happen for me with Wheel of Time, but I read the last books anyway because I'll be damned if I wasn't gonna finish the series after all this time.\n\nThen I found myself feeling really bad because I liked the new writing style more.", "You should DEFINITELY read Brandon Sanderson's other books. They're soooo good. Mistborn, elantris, his new book way of kings, even his teen fiction book rithmatist. Fantastic books. Highly recommend anything he touches. Start with elantris. His best work so far in my opinion.", "4e is actually my preferred system. People tend to forget that although some players disliked it, it was a godsend to us DMs...dem easily-planned sessions.", "Just like Diablo 3, I totally understands you.", "The only thing is that combat takes a long time, and there are very few advantages to being tactical other than \"stand on either side of the bad guy and hope\".\n\nIf you go fro an attack then back out you get attacked, and most powers that let you shift multiple squares as a move action are daily.\n\nOther than that I like it, it's possible to dumb down if you just want a good RP session too.", "I hate 4e. I just used this image because it was filled out. :P ", "4e was perfect for me when I first started, having no idea and absolutely zero past experience with any table-top rpg. Not as overwhelming &amp; complicated, easier to just jump in and get to the good stuff, especially with a group of oldtimers who can't be arsed to explain a single thing.\n\nNow that I'm familiar with it I do enjoy the robustness of pathfinder a lot more. And the new first-timers seem no worse off for having started there.", "4E is great for 2 things and 2 things only - retaining players and getting new ones. It was really easy, and could keep games going for a lot longer than any of my 2.5 - 3.5/PF games ever.", "Gah, I had friends try and create level 1 PCs in 3.5 and half of them lost interest in dealing with things like equipment and skill points (such a mess).  Those that stuck with it found leveling a headache.", "3 things.  Several of the folks working on 4E got to mess around with the Axis &amp; Allies brand as a labor of love.  We got an amazing series of WWII CMGs out of it.  But then when 4E sales finally tanked they had to lay everyone off.", "Robustness of Pathfinder? .__.\n\nThat game falls apart the moment you get a spellcaster above 5th level.. :|", "You failed the litmus test bruh", "i started in 4e and still find it a good start for new table-top players. But I don't run it with stock rules, and I stand by the theory if you can bullshit me into letting you do something, I can let find a way for you to do it.", "I'm excited about 5th...I feel like they simplified some things and made it more open for RP.", "My cousin mentioned a newer D&amp;D in the works? Should I buy 4e or wait?", "I like 4e. It's what I learned to play tabletop games with, and I had a lot of fun going on adventures with my friends and going new and interesting things, like the time my barbarian friend threw me (a shapechanged druid) up into a second floor window, just in time for another party member to use it as an emergency exit. Or the time I managed to shame a big and powerful (but powerfully *dumb* construct) into letting my group pass. \n\nI played other systems, but everything seemed so... restricted. And I needed about fifteen books just to create a character. You *could* create one with just the core book, but then you'd be a heel to the rest of your party that *did* use multiple sources. ", "I always felt like 4e was designed with the miniatures enthusiast in mind, rather than the players.  It gave the DM a giant tool bag for running combat, but seemed to completely gut out the flavor that 3rd Ed had cultivated.  I was also really disappointed in a lot of the world reboots, in particular with what they did to the Forgotten Realms.\n\nI've got my fingers crossed on 5th Edition, if only because it seems like the dev team is ready to fling everything against the wall and see what sticks.  But at this point, I'm pretty committed to White Wolf.  Exalted for my Sword &amp; Sorcery urges.  And Mage for when I need to get my Dresden Files inspired mystery thriller on.", "Check out [Savage Worlds: Explorer's Edition](http://www.peginc.com/store/savage-worlds-deluxe-explorers-edition/). It is my number favorite system. Fast, deadly, and fun. The softback rule book is only $10 for 192, full color pages. And it's designed to fit into any setting.\n\nI can't get enough of it.", "I have heard good things about Savage Worlds.  If I can't puzzle out the Fate System, I'll definitely give it a look.  I'm still waiting on Mage20, and I'd like to run a Cthulhu-esque horror campaign sometime in the near future.", "most of my friends who have sampled D&amp;D Next say its good, and it fixes a lot of the issues of 4e. And I agree what happened to Forgotten Realms was bullshit. I'm just glad Ed Greenwood has most of the control back now. Because I'm going to say it and you are all going to hate me. Drizzt is a little bitch, and R.A. Salvatore should only have input to Forgotten Realms when they need to kill off a major character.", "When nothing you can do changes anything by more than -2/+2, it just seems so meh.  Nothing is devastating enough.  I'd take -2/+2 if I was rolling a d10 for making checks maybe, but a d20?  It doesn't feel like it makes enough difference.", "I've been DMing a party in 4e for 20 levels now, over the course of about 5 years.\n\nI hate 4e, and will jump ship to a new edition given the option. It is a hate developed over a long time of experience. It's too simplistic in some areas, and too complex in others. It requires far too much tracking of completely inane values, and makes item-finding a boring chore. It drowns you in awful feats, powers, and other class choices, and then gives you almost nothing to grow with past level 20. I just truly despise it, and if it were simple to just switch over to a new system, I would have long ago.", "You can say the same thing about 3.5 and Pathfinder.  \n\nI think the whole awful choices problem in all three games is because of so many designers with different ideas and expectations that don't fully communicate with each other, almost like having a comic book series with different authors and there being continuity issues.  For an example of this in reverse, the Expanded Psionics Handbook in 3.5 was authored only by Bruce R. Cordell and considered good.   \n\nAnother big part of it is the company wants to keep on releasing products that people buy without really looking in depth, so lackluster feats, classes, races, etc. see the light of day even when they would have been scrapped or could have been improved.  I think Tome of Magic in 3.5 had this problem, with Truenamers (mages who can speak the language of reality) being considered unplayable past level 7.", "I didn't find it nearly as true in 3.5. Consider a level 10 character in 3.5, vs a level 15 char in 4e. How many feats do each have? What is the size of the feat list they choose from? In 4e, even using the digital character builder, it can take hours to figure out even a fairly simple (non essentials) character. Don't even think about trying to choose a strong hybrid combination.\n\nIn 3.5 you could roll up a new character in much shorter time. Your character might not have been as unique in its stat block, but that's okay, uniqueness should come from how you play it.", "A 4.0 character takes about as long to roll up as a 3.5 spell preparing caster.  Sure rolling up a class with few choices is less, but it''s that that large of a difference between systems.", "I still disagree. If i want to make, say, a level 9 wizard, I know I get some level 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 spells, and 5 feats. To choose those spells, I just pick them from the lists of those spells. I don't have to worry about which stats they are based off of, or which particular random quirks I might have in my wizard path or paragon path.\n\nA level 15 Fighter in 4e must choose which of his stats to major in. He has to choose a paragon path from a decent list of them, and then choose 8 feats and a class style. He must then choose powers from many different levels, and retrain some of those in paragon tier, as well as retrain feats to paragon tier ones.", "I mostly hate that some people in my group refused to play anything other than 4e after it came out, meaning many a great campaign had to get scrapped or rebooted.", "[Psh. D&amp;D? Whatever, bro. Come see us at /r/masterGURPSgamingrace when you want to start playing a *real* game.](http://i.imgur.com/1ijQuj8.jpg)", "D6 4 lyfe", "Fate dice are where it's at.", "Dude, GURPS was what I grew up with. I love it. I wish more people that I play D&amp;D with knew about it or would be willing to play it.", "you have a feat for parrying with your bare hands? nice, I should play GURPS", "I stopped at 2nd edition.\n\nThis character sheet is kinda foreign to me.  Where's my THAC0?", "THAC0 took a 180 ... you want that 0 to be a lot lot higher now, haha\n", "If you decide to ever get back into D&amp;D, don't be afraid to try the newer editions. 4th edition is different from the others, not in a bad way, but as almost a different game with that nostalgic feel. If that does not appeal, then 3.5 edition is a fairly solid choice, and won't be as looked down upon as playing 4e. Then again... 5e(D&amp;D Next) is coming out in the near future, which is said to be going back to roots similar to 2nd edition. ", "Come on man, why'd you take Toughness as a feat? ", "I'm 43 and I loved that game as a kid.  I would play it now, but I am 43 and I don't want to be \"that guy.\"  You can't just some old guy that shows up at the hobby store that has a regular game (where nobody knows you) and sit down with a paladin and a story to tell.", "You're completely wrong. I remember \"that guy\". He was the one who taught us what \"epic\" truly meant, and what it meant to become your character. He helped us take our game to the next level.\n\nMay I live long enough to be \"that guy\".", "But when you're 43, you wont want to be *that guy*", "Eh.  It depends on your social circle.  If you've got a group of friends you like and they're happy to indulge your hobby with you, its cool.  \"That guy\" tends to be the 43 year old that none of the other geeks actually like, and has to troll for newbs to hit in the head with a rulebook to feel superior.  \"My friend's dad, that runs games over the weekend for his buddies, and let me play one time\" is decidedly cooler.", "I'm 57, play Pathfinder, and have a 40K army.  I also play BattleTech quite a bit.  The people I game with are mostly in their 30's and 40's and it's a great excuse to sit around, eat food, and yuk it up.\n\nJust find a group of adults to game with.  I've been invited to play with 3 different groups. There's lots of older people still gaming. Hell, I'm not even the oldest guy at the game room, but I rarely go there anyway.", "Eh, if you wanted to you could.  But better is to convince your friends to try it out!", "A lot of my friends still play. They are mid 30s. I still play but I'm only 20. When I used to play at a store or at someone's house, no one really minds whether someone is 'older' or not. If you want to play, find a group. It is still so much fun :D (I still play 3.5e so I don't know if 4e is actually fun or not).", "As someone running a game right now, i am constantly grateful for my friend's dad being \"that guy.\" he keeps the party moving foward, knows when to take the risk, knows how to mitigate that risk, and knows how to rein in our more psychopathic player. ", "I'm 26 and recently moved to a new area. I decided to get into Muay Thai like 6 months ago and noticed a hobby shop right by my gym.\n\nBeing a nerd at heart(always played PC games, dabbled in warhammer 40k as well) I decided to stop in and browse. I was looking to get into something like D&amp;D or Pathfinder. Something i could roll some dice and have a social interaction with. Give my eyes a break from being glued to a computer screen - what have you.\n\nI felt SUPER out of place. I consider myself friendly/approachable. I work in sales but I don't have that douchey \"schtick\" or anything - just like talking to people. Other than the guy behind the counter - I might as well been a ghost, maybe worse even. It was super awkward, lol.\n\nNever went back - which sucks - because I REALLY want to get into tabletop stuff. I'm about to try out the roll20 web-based play, really my only option living in a smaller town where niche hobbies don't have a big following.", "Dnd is old enough now where a significant portion of the player base are in your exact age range. Back in the 80's and 90's you might have been older than most players but now you are a part of the generation that first started playing 20-30 years ago!\n\nI'm hitting 30 soon enough and my first DM was born in the Same year as my dad. He was totally cool and after that campaign ended I DM'ed for him. \n No boundaries in the world of fantasy imagination and fun!", "Give it a try, mate. I've played with older gentlemen before, and enjoyed it just as much as playing with dudes my age. After you get over the imaginary disconnect you expect there to be with the large age difference (in my case, it was roughly 20 years) and get into the game, there's no weirdness.\n\nWhen you get to playing, you're not Simon, 43. You're Vladisilimilar the Mind-Breaker, level 24, or whatever you fancy.", "Yay for D&amp;D! I play 3.5e and Pathfinder. You should check out /r/dnd ,they have a great thing going there. ", "I wish I had enough friends near me for a good old, pen and paper gaming session.", "Play online!", "I wish I knew how to play never learned anyone know the easiest way to teach someone?", "The first place I'd look is /r/dnd, /r/rpg, or any of the other more specific subreddits based on tabletop games. There are lots of great people who can explain the rules, you can read peoples epic stories or campaign ideas, and you can also go to places like /r/lfg to find games in your area, or online to join.", "It's been linked elsewhere, but you can find games at roll20.net. It's an online system that lets someone make a map where you can move around your character without needing to all be together. Well worth trying a game!", "The first thing you need to know is that while everybody will colloquially refer to the hobby as \"D&amp;D\", there are a lot more games that may be more your speed. If there's a specific genre you're good of, I can try and point you in the right direction. Otherwise, I'll be back to add more when I have my laptop again instead of just my girlfriend's Kindle.\n", "as a person who has not played d and a in 20 years, i have no idea whats going on with that character sheet.", "your favorite game is a 1040 EZ?", "You should try Shadowrun, just recently got into it and I love it so much more than D&amp;D.\n\nWhy you ask?\n\n* Slightly simpler system.\n* Way less loopholes.\n* There is a second plane of battle: the matrix, in addition to the real way, where magical and physical things happen.\n* Because of the above, there is a whole another set of technologically-electronic related paraphernalia that is inexistent in D&amp;D.\n* One of the things of the above is that you can upgrade your body parts. Something altogether completely inexistent in D&amp;D afaik.", "just started a shadowrun 5th ed game a few weeks ago. Loving it so far. Playing a rigger.", "That is really cool! I am playing a decker on mine!", "Nice, this is my first time ever playing in a shadowrun game and it really is an easy system to pick up. Although the decker does seem a bit complicated for a first time player. If the character i'm playing dies though, i would probably make a decker. ", "Actually, believe it or not, the matrix-related realm is not that complicated.\nI thought it was complicated too, but after reading through most of the section on it (haven't finished all of it), I realized it was actually quite simple.", "I am a computer, but my favorite kid won't stop all the downloading.", "PORKCHOP SANDWICHES!", "Jesus saves.  You take full damage.", "The only game where you can burn down 1/3 of the rich section of the town, plant the evidence on the treasurer, go to court, lie with a ridiculously high bluff score, and be rewarded with 2000 gold for \"exposing an internal conspiracy\"", "There's something about using your imagination with a group of people. I love PC rpgs, but they have limitations that always make me miss a good tabletop game.", "I recently played d&amp;amp;d for the first time. It was such a great time. Our dm had this elaborate plan for us but e decided to hop on a giant crab and kill everyone ", "Bro, do you even THAC0?", "Let's keep it that way. Respect OP.", "I am the 1% who prefers 4th over 3.5e. Inb4 I play 3.5 more often than I play 4th", "4th is just a card game. It's a hand of 'powers' that you have to spend and use carefully over several combat encounters. Some come back to your hand right away others don't.\n\n2nd ed is where it's at for anyone who can live with role-playing. 3.5 if you need to roll-play it. 4th if you want a board and card game.", "3.5 spells are the same way, just they all refresh at once.\n\nAlso, you could say the same about any resource based system, many of which are quite good and more role playing focused than any form of D&amp;D.", "The cards play the same way the spells did in 3.5e, or like how skills like Power Attack, and rage did. They all recharged at a particular moment, much like 4e, as /u/Draffut2012 pointed out.\n\n4th simpilized the dozens of skills that were in 3.5e that were unused, or just useless. Sure, some of the skills like craft, knowledge, preform, ect, were good in situations, but when you need 5 skills just to be able to do everything an acrobatics check can do in 4th, in a much simpler fashion, they arn't as needed. \n\nI will admit the skill selection added a particular element into the game, but other elements were added into 4th. Such as spell casting classes being able to survive dfferent situations, making combat with different creatures unique as they had their own abilities to use that made combat against even goblins more interesting. It also gave reanimation to undead classes to catch unsuspecting players off-guard. \n\nSure, they didn't focus on the RP aspect as much, but it's not as horrible as everyone says it is. Especially when 70% of the people who talk shit on 4th, haven't even given it the time of day like some 3rd party game that doesn't get it's own midnight launch. If they kept everything the same in D&amp;D from each edition to the next, then the game would get more and more drab, and tedious. I commend companies who attempt to make changes to their products. \n\nAn example of excellent use of the 4e game mechanics, can be seen in [this penny arcade celeberty game, hosted by Chris Perkins a figurehead of WotC](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqXqK3ZlqWI).\n\nDo not take this as me bashing you saying that you are wrong. I have no doubt that you have your reasons for not liking 4th, but I believe you have the wrong idea about it, as it's not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. You are entitled to your own opinion, and I respect that, and I will have to give 2nd ed a go if I get the chance.", "3rd and 4th are basically PnP WoW. All about the number crunching and power-gaming instead of the role playing.", "Ew. 4th Edition?", "4th ed. You poor soul.", "4th edition? Ew, 2nd's the only way to go", "PFT! 2E is for [casuls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyA8odjCzZ4) 1st or nothing!", "4.0! KILL IT! KILL IT WITH FIRE!", "You are missing the other side", "Shit, by the end of a campaign mine was barely legible with all of the scribbles and eraser marks on it. That's how you knew it was a great game!", "that's probably why you are a pc gamer, full of stats and interesting numbers :). I think that's why i enjoy pc so much. ", "Man, i'm sad, I thought your character was named \"barmaiden\"", "There are much better feats you could have taken instead of toughness.", "I could have swore I saw an online version of D&amp;D (not that horrible MMO either).  I was on [wearetheromantics](http://www.twitch.tv/wearetheromantics) on twitch.tv  I was a little inebriated at the time so it may have just been them playing a pen and paper table top campaign on video calling software while streaming it, but I could have swore it was an online interface for it.  They have a regular D&amp;D show they run on there.  Go check it out sometime OP.", "roll20.net ?", "Possibly, I was a little drunk at the time.  Good scotch'll do that to you.  They run a static game one or two nights out of the week.  It's a partnered channel so they keep a pretty regular schedule to keep the subscriber base, I just wasn't into most of their content so I passed on following that channel.  I can't for the life of me remember what the site was though.  They do a lot of minecraft broadcasts, just not into minecraft myself.", "Nice. But it's no star wars d20", "You gotta check out the rpg series by White Wolf, like Mage, the Ascension.", "Mage was ok.  I really enjoyed playing Vampire and still really want to try out Demon.", "Which Demon? Demon: The Fallen (Classic WoD), or Demon: The Descent (new WoD)? Because if it's the latter, we're running [a Kickstarter for the prestige printing of DTD](http://kickstarter.com/projects/200664283/demon-the-descent-prestige-edition), and we've got the entire manuscript PDF up for reading from there.", "Demon: The Fallen.  The characters and powers were interesting and I definitely wanted to try them out.", "Probably overkill, but we offer a \"[complete collection](http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/115332/Complete-Collection-Demon-the-Fallen-%5BBUNDLE%5D)\" bundle that has every Demon: The Fallen PDF (including novels) for about $100, so you save around $70.", "I've used .pdf's in the past but consider them to be inferior to having an actual book in front of me.  Sure I could print them off at work but it's just not the same feel.", "Fair enough. A number of Demon books are available in print as well as PDF, but the print copies aren't included in the bundle deal.", "/r/WhiteWolfRPG\n\nWe've got a lot of really awesome projects [coming up](http://theonyxpath.com/schedule).", "I still prefer Hunter: The Reckoning to the other White Wolf games.", "Exalted for life!", "THIS!", "'Dem stats.", "Me and some buddies are actually talking about trying DnD. Any recommendations on where to start?\n", "Get Pathfinder.  I think you can find some basic stuff online, but getting a book is so much easier.", "For example, you can find all of Pathfinder's rules and such [here](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/). The ruleset is intended to be freely available, but as /u/Kind_of_A_Dick says, having a physical book is often a lot easier (and the art is nice).\n\nThe free content means you can certainly 'try before you buy', and have access to all the rules from the beginning, while you build up your collection of books at your own pace.", "HeroForge for CRS's", "There's actually a lot of D&amp;D games on the computer, though I know that's not what you mean.", "Really wish I had gotten into this", "My most recent character profile was an Elvish fighter, named Aarowyn Neee. ", "Not familiar with this one: is this 4.0 or Pathfinder? I've been playing 3.5 for the past 5 years and love it to death, but haven't branched out very much. ", "Ew, Warden. Probably one of the least useful classes since the Vampire", "Would anyone be interested in a app that had all the d&amp;d forms built in and a d roller? Cause I need a project. Ill do it free just need. Input never played d&amp;d ", "DnD! It all depends on if you have good people to play with. Alcohol doesn't hurt either!", "At first glance I thought your name was Barmaiden.", "Do you have any recommended games for someone completely new to table top games and doesn't want to be completely overwhelmed? ", "There are a bunch of possibilities, depending on what you're looking for in terms of genre and play style:\n\n* Pathfinder is an RPG designed for epic medieval fantasy adventures where you explore dungeons, fight monsters, and find treasure, although you can do other things with the system if you want. While not technically an edition of D&amp;D, it's essentially a newer and slightly modified version of D&amp;D 3.5 Edition that is available [online](http://paizo.com/pathfinderRPG/prd/) for free, although it can be somewhat difficult to get into at first. The \"Core Rulebook\" section is the necessary reading here, but you'll want to at least glance at the Beastiaries as well. You can also buy the [Beginner Box](http://paizo.com/pathfinderRPG/products/beginnerbox), which contains all of the rules to play and which will help walk you through learning the game.\n* D&amp;D 4th Edition is more streamlined and easier to learn than Pathfinder, although there's still something of a debate as to whether PF is better overall. 4.0 is *not* available for free, which is one definite downside. The best buy for a newbie to 4e is probably the [Red Box](https://www.wizards.com/dnd/redbox.aspx), which is the equivalent to Pathfinder's Beginner Box.\n* Warrior, Rogue, &amp; Mage is an excellent system that provides much of the same fantasy atmosphere as D&amp;D but with a rulebook that's about 40 pages instead of a few hundred pages like D&amp;D 4e and Pathfinder. The whole thing is [freely available](http://www.stargazergames.eu/games/warrior-rogue-mage/), and all you need is the Core Rulebook: this includes information on building and playing characters, how to run the system as Dungeon Master, and all necessary rules.\n* Fate is a universal system (you can have fantasy, sci-fi, modern, or whatever type of game you want). It's available [here](http://www.evilhat.com/store/index.php?main_page=product_info&amp;cPath=79&amp;products_id=224) as a pay-what-you-like download. Fate focuses on being accessible to newbies and promoting an interesting story rather than realistic simulation or tactical thinking.\n* Open d6 is essentially one simple RPG system available as [three](http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/20446/D6-Adventure?src=s_pi&amp;it=1) [different](http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/20448/D6-Fantasy?it=1) [rulebooks](http://rpg.drivethrustuff.com/product/20447/D6-Space?src=s_pi&amp;it=1) depending on what genre you want to play.\n* [GURPS](http://www.sjgames.com/gurps/) is a somewhat complex but very open-ended universal system that can work for pretty much every genre you can imagine.\n* [Call of Cthulhu](http://catalog.chaosium.com/product_info.php?CDpath=29&amp;products_id=359) is an excellently-made horror RPG with a moderate rules system (much simpler than PF or D&amp;D 4e, but still more complex than WR&amp;M or Fate). Whereas in D&amp;D 4e kicking down doors and hitting anything that moves with a sharp object is pretty much the norm, CoC provides a very different experience where the players frantically try to figure out what's going on (often at the cost of slowly going insane) and avoid a fight at all costs.\n\nThe /r/rpg Beginner's Guide [here](https://pay.reddit.com/r/rpg/wiki/beginnersguide) can also help out a lot, and /r/rpg and /r/dnd are usually friendly to newbies.", "Holy crap your NADs are abysmal. That tends to happen when you're a Str/Con class.", "Even as a PC gamer, my brain has shut down due to the word PC being everywhere on the front page ", "Ok, I have been wanting to know this for ages, but never really took the time to find out. Is there a way to play a real game of D&amp;D online? Like people with webcams, online random number generator for dice? I have never played and I thought this was a popular enough game that there would be some place to do it.", "Roll20, man!\nhttp://roll20.net/", "me and my friend are signed up looking at it now, it's confusing for someone who has never played it.", "Well, I've got a campaign that has yet to find players on rolld20.net . If you and you're friend and anyone else in this thread are interested .\n\nPM me if you'd like more info. ", "Lots of time time playing PnP. Best times.\n\nVery social -- multiplayer only.", "I thought those features looked familiar. Wardens are THE SHIT! My Warden Benjamin \"Bear\" Knight wrecked shit back in the day.", "For not playing on a PC your handwriting is very impressive.", "Sadly the only thing related to this game I have done is watch The Gamers one and two.", "I can't imagine their are many people who would't enjoy sitting around with friends, and adventure through beautifully written worlds ripe with back story and intrigue. To create a character  that has loves and hates, quirks and flaws and to immerse yourself as that person in a world of wonder and danger and glory. To those who would say this is \"lame\" or stupid or childish, have merely lost their love for creativity and exploration of the worlds around us, whether on paper or in person  , table top is freedom in it's grandest form.", "Have you tried World of Darkness? I just started a campaign with a group of friends last week and it's so much fun. ", "That looks like way to much work just to play a game. I am lazy.", "I used to kill hours of time playing this I was a barbarian and some Madda Facker stole my whore, I had to get her back over the course of 3 years.\n\nsearching dungeons, castles, forests.", "There is a group of 6 of us that play every monday. It's so much fun and highly recommended it.", "I for one, do not give a fuck about this at all. Just in case you're wondering.", "PC gamer, favorite game is melee\n\nKEEP SMASH ALIVE", "roll20.net\n", "Do you have skype? Do you have D&amp;D buddies who have skype?\n\nYour favorite game is on PC.", "YES! What's your build? I'm a Lvl.17 Monk", "Tabletop roleplaying is a wonderful hobby. \n\nIf only I had the time to get together with my friends every week to play... our conflicting, busy college schedules don't really allow for any tabletop roleplaying, unfortunately. :(", "Wow, should reroll.", "Neverwinter Nights?", "dude where is page two?! what are your abilities and equipment?\n", "At this point I'd skype with a group just to play again... :(\n\n\n*edit*- Pathfinder?", "Hang on to this. If you ever get sued for child support, you can actually use this in court as proof that you are in fact still a virgin", "With this post, have reached Peak Reddit. Congrats everybody!", "You can play D and D on pc.....", "And for the best of both worlds, Baldurs Gate II: Enhanced Edition just came out! woooo 2nd edition! visit /r/baldursgate", "You're one average looking warden. Unlike my 18 charisma barbarian.", "I'm sorry, but that's one of the worst character sheets I've seen. Each section has the same formatting, which causes nothing to stand out as \"This is the Skill Section, this is the section listing all your attacks, etc\".", "Wish I had a group of friends to play this with.  Did some 4 man stuff in High School/College but thats about it.", "I really want to get into D&amp;D... anyone got any good advice? It's a bit daunting.", "1st or 2nd Edition have the best \"roleplay\" aspect. 3rd and above is where they started to realize WoW was really popular and tried transitioning into number-crunch power-gaming centered more and more on combat than exploration and story telling.", "There are a few editions to consider:\n\n* 1st Edition: A rather rules-light system where making up house rules to deal with situations the rules don't talk about was expected. Combat in particular is much simpler (but arguably more cumbersome, since it involves consulting tables rather than just asking 'did my die roll at least X' like in other editions) than in later editions. It's also much more lethal; there's a significant chance a player will die in pretty much any fight. 1e is being reprinted and you might be able to find a copy in a hobby store and/or on Ebay.\n* 2nd Edition: Similar to 1e, but with smoother and more connected non-combat rules and a greater ability to customize characters (your melee warrior guy can be a paladin, fighter, or a ranger instead of just 'warrior' like in 1e). 1e and 2e are very similar editions overall. 2e is also being reprinted and if you're lucky a hobby store will have it; otherwise you might be able to find it on Ebay.\n* 3rd Edition: Like 3.5 Edition, but slightly worse.\n* 3.5 Edition: Slightly updated version of 3.0, and rather different than 1e or 2e. There's a huge amount of customization, lots of skills even in non-combat situations, tons of possible classes and races, and an enormous variety of spells and magic items. 3.5 is the go-to edition if you want lots of options. On the other hand, 3.5 has some problems with balance, especially at high levels (past about 10th level spellcasting classes are usually just flat-out better than non-spellcasters). There are a lot of 'save or suck' effects, where a single poor roll can kill or permanently screw over a character. One other complaint about 3.5 is 'dead levels', when your character increases in level but gets few if any actual bonuses. The rules can also be rather clunky and complex. For a beginner, I would strongly recommend Pathfinder over 3.5.\n* Pathfinder: Not published by the same company as D&amp;D, but essentially a newer, updated version of 3.5. The [Beginner Box](http://paizo.com/pathfinderRPG/products/beginnerbox) is specifically made for newbies to RPGs, and PF fixes a lot of 3.5's problems. There are few if any 'dead levels', class archetypes provide the same variety as 3.5 without having to search through vast lists of 'prestige classes', better (but still worse than most other editions) balance between classes, and it's simpler for the Dungeon Master to create encounters.\n* 4th Edition: *Enormously* different than any other edition. Instead of each class functioning differently (wizards cast spells, and rogues use sneak attacks, and monks have their own abilities, etc.), each class uses 'powers', which are different for each class but work using the same mechanic. This means that all classes have unique abilities (your fighter can do more than just say 'I hit things with my sword'), but can also make it feel like all classes are just minor variants of each other. There's no 'dead level' problem as with 3.5, balance is almost perfect, and it's much easier for the Dungeon Master to create encounters. On the other hand, combat is much more tactical even than in 3.5/Pathfinder, and many groups find that this discourages roleplaying. 4e has a [Red Box](https://www.wizards.com/dnd/redbox.aspx) for newbies similar to the Pathfinder Beginner's Box.\n* 5th Edition: Still under development, so it's probably best to stay away as a newbie.\n\nTL;DR: 1e is simple, 2e is halfway between 1e and Pathfinder, Pathfinder has lots of options, and 4e has balance between classes. Also Pathfinder and 4e are the easiest to find these days.", "This is great, thanks a lot. 2e sounds like the one.", "I love the older style D&amp;D PC games that basically were just computer versions of the paper game. Like Eye of the Beholder.", "Well as long as you're a PC gamer...", "Not on PC? I, and the population of #dnd on irc, beg to differ.", "Amen! \n\nDesigning a campaign in between Tf2 and League matches as I type this.", "The guys streaming [Rollplays D&amp;D Campaign](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9HS48vx1NQ&amp;list=PL-oTJHKXHicTYM4C8H421mii8Zp1oKA1R) would disagree with you. You can certainly make it work while not having to be physically face to face with the other players. That series takes a couple of episodes to get going as the players settle into the environment and their roles. \n\nI *think* there's a D&amp;D Community on Something Awful that regularly organizes online play-sessions, I'm almost certain I saw a thread for it, could be in the private area though. ", "It was a huge pet peeve of mine that none of the major games had (official) form enabled character sheets as pdf or equivalent.  and if they did, they weren't free.  Wasn't a whole lot of fan-done stuff either.  Such a simple thing that would have made so many customers happy.\n\nof course, in the ~4 years since my friends and I stopped playing, this may have changed.", "I am also a PC gamer. My favorite game is Super Smash Bros, though. Not the same situation, completely, but... why not, right?", "After browsing r/gaming today, I really want to play D&amp;D again. :(", "I love Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, because it uses D&amp;D mechanics in a Star Wars setting.  I wish that they had made KotOR III instead of making the MMO, The Old Republic.", "ALL OF MY FEELS.", "i too like to doodle and call it a game\n", "DnD is always gonna be the best  ;)!", "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54VJWHL2K3I", "I think they have Excel on PCs friend!", "HA HA oh wow what a tweest! we thought you were gonna say a console game but you engraved the stereotype that pc gamers are elitist pricks! gg", "I'm hopefully starting to play in a couple of weeks. Already filled out my character sheet and read the books, now the waiting is killing me. So excited.", "I want to get into this so badly...", "Your favorite game is DMV forms?", "I miss having local friends to play 2e. ", "I wish I knew how to play.", "There are lots of nice online Neverwinter and Neverwinter 2 servers out there.  Layonara.com is my favorite for NWN, and Baldur's Gate: Tales of the Sword Coast is my favorite for NWN2.  We have dice bags that roll our skill checks, live GMs, quests and heavy RP requirements.  Still not PnP, but it is DnD.", "Neverwinter Nights, yo?\n\nI'm referring to the multiplayer aspect.", "I thought (even after going back and rereading it) that the title said:\n\n\"I am am a PC gamer, but my favorite game is not PC\"\n\nThen spent ages trying to figure out how it was being Politically Incorrect.  I eventually came to the conclusion that referring to the Fey people as \"not natural\" was racist. ", "I had been trying to get my friends into Pathfinder for a long time but I could never do it because of the stigma behind D&amp;D. So for the past 12 month's, while on disability for brain surgery, I developed a game using Pathfinder. It's a sci fi game, replacing classes and races with what you would find in a space sci fi. Cleric becomes medic, rogue becomes scout, elf becomes alien, etc etc. I also made a completely original universe with custom maps, enemies and characters. I also changed a lot if skills, weapons, feats, enemies, pretty much overhauling everything to fit my theme while still keeping a lot what makes pathfinder... Well... Pathfinder. I used RPGmaptools to create everything and even hired semi professional voice actors to play out my campaign.\n\nAnyways, fast forward to about a month ago. After numerous retools and changes, I finally decided to debut the game to my friends. I told them nothing about it. I didn't tell them it was D&amp;D, I didn't tell them it was a tabletop game, nothing.\n\nTHEY HAD A BLAST. When I finally told them that it was \"D&amp;D\", they were amazed. We've played about 3 games since. It would have been more, but I'm still developing the game and need the time. Dm'ing is time consuming.\n\nMy point is, I love D&amp;D but have always hated the stigma it has developed. Heck, my friends wouldn't even try it. I had to trick them into playing by creating my game and not tell them they were playing D&amp;D. I feel like maybe if someone developed a D&amp;D game that catered to people like my friends, it would gain popularity.", "I wish I had friends to play dnd with. :(", "I remember seeing this old 4chan post about someone who roleplayed a pro wrestler in D&amp;D and with some great luck with rolls suplexed a dragon. Is this actually possible?", "Ah, D&amp;D. It'll always have a sweet spot in my heart. It was my first, and I'll never forget. That said, I've mostly moved on to other systems. Mutants and Masterminds is fun when my group is in the mood, for example.", "I played D&amp;D a handfull of times but really got into Rifts after the Sourcebooks started coming out. I still remember sitting in the computer lab in 10th grade making char. sheets. Oh Vampire hunting, how I miss you.", "I wish I had a bunch of friends to play d&amp;d with", "Edge of the Empire DM checking in, sup yall. ", "I'm DMing a roll20 game with 2 other guys. Its tough but very good. Wish I could get more people. ", "Love the D&amp;D, Pathfinder, and white wolf games but just moved back to hometown and there isn't anyone around who plays.", "i actually just stopped playing my level 13 Favored Soul. It's great to see more Dungeons and Dragons on Reddit!", "Ahh, the game that a \"hardware upgrade\" means replacing a lazy/uncreative DM.", "Ah, the brain. The most personal computer of all!", "Can anyone enlighten me. What is with all this PC stuff? Is it some sort of PC anniversary or something?... &lt;3 PC doe.", "I haven't seen one of those in far too long. Think I'll roll up a gnome cavalier tonight. ", "I too enjoy D &amp; D, i like to play monk.", "I've always wanted to try d&amp;d but Icahn never find anyone also I don't have the faintest idea how to play.", "www.meetup.com", "If you want to emulate the experience, all the build engine games (Planescape: Torment, Icewind Dale, Baldur's Gate, etc.) run on a 3.5e ruleset or a variation thereof. And they're great.", "I came hoping for 4th ed. haters.  I am disappointed.", "We should start posting Warhammer while the Zelda circlejerk isn't around. ", "It has been a long time since I've seen one of those. Whoa, nostalgia.", "Awwwwww yeah. ", "Which edition? Where do i buy? How much? Most importantly, How do i convince my friends to do the most nerdy thing imaginable?\n\nI have wanted to play for a year but uhhh yeah......", "Never winternights is d&amp;d on pc", "I love D&amp;D. They have a club at our school that was new this year!", "As a kid in high school, this is the best game for the best price.", "You're one burly yet unattractive fuck, aren't ya Wildren.", "I created an entire world to DM with a group of friends and everyone bailed after two sessions because of new jobs, new children, etc.. If anyone in MD is trying to play, hit me upppppp", "Is that a character sheet for 4th? We played maybe a session or two of that and switched to pathfinder.", "There's and App for that!", "It is if your only friends who will play it with you are on opposite sides of the continent, and in Europe.\n\nRoll20 has saved my ass a lot of round-trip flights.", "Can this please stop being a default sub? ", "Lvl 2 with 47 hp, 17 str and 18 con? Yowsa.", "All GURPS All the time", "Ive allways wanted to try D&amp;D stuff any ideas where how?", "I do think computers are very handy for automatically handling all the math, dice rolls, and spell management though. And Baldur's Gate and NWN2 are stellar. ", "Not a pc game? Grab your torches and pitchforks!", "Man, this brought back some great memories. Thanks for posting! ", "Ive been interestead in these table top ones for a while now. Im looking for something sci fi. My friends play serenity rpg, but im looking for something else. Any suggestions?", "I've been playing since I was 9, and this game completely molded my development. It's amazing how the idea that you can do anything can motivate you in so many ways outside of the game. I still play every two weeks with some friends, and we have amazing times with it. ", "Bro, can I come play with you.  I live in a gaming dead zone.", "Jesus character sheets are complicated these days. ", "I was in a great game before I moved, but now I know no one and the group kind of fell apart so continuing it online is out of the question, so other than some really simplistic games online I got nothing going right now. ", "Where the hell do I find people to game with? I'm 32 and haven't played D&amp;D in 1at least 15 years. I live in Bremerton WA. ", "Dungeons and Dragons Online, a f2p MMO developed by Turbine and Wizards of the Coast, is a PC game available on Steam.\n\nIt has everything from a mindflayer DM (In The Flesh questline) to a Gary Gygax DM. The adventures are well thought out and hilarious. Puzzles, traps, feats, and VOIP.\n\nCheck out out. I'm a monk on Ghallanda named Lynnabel. Add me :) ", "21 AC at level 2? You're gangster.", "Somebody play with me...and teach me because I'm a D&amp;D noob!", "An elf with 17 str and an 18 con ?!?!", "What is the deal with all these PC posts today? Seriously? Is it some kind of anniversary or something?", "I have only played D&amp;D once, and I loved it! I don't play it now because I have neither the money to buy the kit, the time to play, and the friends willing to play.", "[Wrong](http://www.ddo.com/en).\n\nIt's not that good, but it's D&amp;D, and it's PC.", "You should give 5th a try. So far, it's a good fusion of a lot of the good parts of previous editions. Best part is that they're listening to the fans and trying to accomodate player desires.", "How long does each edition usually last before they develop the next?\n\nI tried to get in at the end of 4th and I lost interest because everything felt like it was resetting from 5th being made. ", "It's varied a lot in the past. 4th to 5th was about 7 years. 3rd to 3.5 was about a year. 3.5 to 4 was about 6 years. 2nd edition was around for a long time. The reason they've put out new editions in the past was a need for continued revenue. They're taking a completely different path with 5th. Base 5th is designed to be simple and easy to use. After that, they're creating modules with which to alter or mod the ruleset/worlds/monsters in the game. That means they're going to release what is essentially expansions for 5th for the next 10+ years. Supposedly, this means that anyone can personally play with any mod they want while also playing with people who use other mods. It'll allow them to update and change material without needing to change editions and do a complete re-write of the entire system.\n\nCall it the PC modding community's influence.\n\nAlso, if you're interested in looking at 5th, you can check out the open playtest available through the Wizard's website. You can download everything you need to get started.", "i want to accuse you of min/maxing but i dont remember what min/maxing is. i just remember that we used to hate people who did it.", "PalmOS?  It's come a long way!", "Been too long since I last played DnD. Starting up a Numenera campaign soon, so excited.", "Heh. A wilden. \n\nRespect.", "Roll20.net makes it so much better You have no idea. ", "NEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nSorry, i had to do this.", "[It uses the most powerful processor known to man: the human mind.](http://youtu.be/iztRfwxiq28?t=11s)", "r/dnd salutes you. ", "fuck 4th ", "Can anyone link me somewhere I can find how to play this game? I'd like to play it with my friends :)!", "Upvote for 4th Edition! :)", "What the Christ is this bullshit?  That's not the DnD I know.", "You **dare** sully a thread about DnD with a 4e Character sheet?!\n\n*for shame, sir,* **FOR SHAME**\n\nOn a more serious note, I completely agree with everything you stand for. ", "Man, at first I thought you posted a pic of [this](http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040.pdf)", "Meh, the character sheet is pretty much the same thing.  The real fun comes from the experience (not xp)", "upvoted for being a pc gamer, you are literally saving the world here.", "Yeah, ruining friendships since 1974.", "same here. My favorite game is Still Dark souls on my PS3.", "Are you gay or", "nerd game", "gaaaaaaaaay", "I love how my friend pays a dollar for these", "NEHD ALEHT!!!", "Neverwinter nights. Problem solved.", "Charisma -1. Sounds about right.", "-1 CHR sounds about right.", "Crap I still need to make a level 1 3.5 character for tomorrow.", "Yep, not on PC, not on PC [at all.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Dungeons_&amp;_Dragons_video_games#List_of_games)", "Not ONE of those comes close to sitting down at a table with a group of friends for 10-12 hours on a saturday.", "Have you ever played Neverwinter Nights? That game has a DM mode where the GM can dictate how the story goes and what monsters the players fight and a module editor which is basically a map/campaign creation kit so you can play without a DM and you can do it all online too. And there's always Roll20...", "Nerd.", "WRONG SUBREDDIT", "You're joking, right?\n\nThere are so many D&amp;D ports its not even funny. I was playing neverwinter nights like, yesterday.\n\nLook, [this one](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dungeons_&amp;_Dragons_Online) even has the actual D&amp;D brand name on it.\n\nedit: IMO, D&amp;D plays on a computer even better than tabletop. None of this bullshitting your rolls, or writing down extra loot, or vengeful DMs. Also, you can get through more than one fucking encounter. ", "Yeah, social games are so much better when you play them by yourself!", "nobody said anything about playing with themselves", "No, not even the guy you answered to .", "But you see? now this is a conversation about masturbation instead of a PC circle jerk. so we all win, right?\n\nAlso, my original intent was to reject the notion that D&amp;D is not found in a PC version."]["the images are 1920 x 1080 pixels... ", "###**\"Uncompressed gallery at: http://benjaminthree.minus.com/m3bOsXZIk69WK\"**\n\n", "Those aren't 4k either. More like 3.2k.", "4k is 3840x2160.  These are 3200x1800.", "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4K_resolution#Resolutions_of_common_formats\n\nThat's the resolution of \"4K Ultra high definition television\"\n\nThese are video games, not TV content.\n\nThere's also a 4096  2304 on that list. I'd imagine that's more comparable to what monitors will be.", "4K monitors are 3840x2160, it's 4 lots of 1920x1080 layed out in a 4-square. \n\n(2 x 1920) x (2 x 1080)", "Still, the screenshots posted are 2,534,400 pixels less than 3840x2160.", "And they still look badass", "Oh remember that IBM T220, what a monitor.", "nevermind. keep on being reddit, reddit.", "Downsampling isn't anywhere near real 4k, it's just a trick to get 4x super sampling in games that wouldn't support it otherwise.", "[deleted]", "The driver is tricking the application into thinking it's rendering on a 4k screen so the term is very fitting. It wasn't supposed to sound negative or anything.", "See, my problem is that they put all this effort into blinding you with fancy lighting effects, but the ground still looks like some shit from 10 years ago with ugly 2D blades of grass and brushes are still made from ugly 2D plane textures put into a polygon formation.\n\nThe only thing they've changed is that you can render more of this ugly crap to get a fuller ugly crap picture.", "Said by a true PC gamer.", "PC is superior because PC's dirt is superior.\n\nwoe is the player that wallows in low-res dirt. how they can even call it a game with that dirt i will never know\n\nbrb gonna go stare at the dirt in crysis and masturbate alone", "Truth. ", "TressFX that shit!", "Seriously, I was playing Assassins Creed 4 on highest settings and couldn't get over the fact the hair was better in Tomb Raider.\n\n", "Thats not true for every game. If you download the 4k res texture pack for skyrim the ground looks pretty amazing. Especially if you also download the improved normals.", "Plus the fish don't even swim away from you.", "[deleted]", "16x anisotropic filtering costs almost no processing power on modern gpus.  I don't know what you're talking about.", "actually, it cost no power.\nanisotropic filtering only uses memory.", "eh? i notice drops of 1-2 fps going from 16x anisotropic to bilinear. ", "bilinear and anisotropic are completely unrelated.\nwhat game are you running that list them in the same category?\nanisotropic is an extention of mip mapping, it just caches the texture viewed at steep angles, and thus allows sharper texture at angle without performance cost because it's cached into memory.\n\nhere's what a anisotropic filtered texture look when it's loaded into vram: (16x filtering just means it's filtered at 16 progressively steeper angle)\n\nhttp://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/MipMap_Example_STS101_Anisotropic.png\n\nbilinear filtering is just a way to smooth out pixels.\n\nif you are actually running into performance loss due to anistropic filter it's because it's done poorly, they mixed it with trilinear filtering, or your card have memory issues.", "Radeon 7870 2GB. Turning crysis from bilinear to anisotropic 16x gives me a 1-2 fps drop.", "What are you talking about?  It simply allows you to see more detail.  It even goes beyond antialiasing since the settings in games are often dictated by resolution.  I like to go next to a fence in a game and see where the detail drops.  In 4k downsampled it goes back WAY further.  Its incredible that I can do this and still have 60 fps in games that are 2 years old and almost 30 in current games.  This is on a 220 dollar 660ti card with a 5 year old amd quad core cpu.  \n", "Because rendering moving grass thta looks gorgeous uses A LOT of graphics power over something you could use better like lighting", "Some of the textures are gross, I do agree with that, but that's on the dev level, and quality of game, not the resolution level. The dynamic lighting in the 4K resolution looks simply fantastic, and thinks like real time DOf and particle effects look brilliant.", "And they forget you see some things up close.  A doorknob will be modeled with maybe 20 polygons, where everything else is beautiful.  A wheel will be clearly hexagon-shaped, or a knife will be made of obvious triangles, which is fine for the main part of the blade, but makes the tip look like crap.\n\nWe've reached a point where anything rounded really should be made with hundreds or thousands of polygons so it really is a smooth curve.\n", "Isn't that basically the principle of anti-aliasing?", "You're all over r/gaming educating about down sampling. Dang ", "What you're talking about is what's known as \"supersampling\", and while it is quite nice to look at it is one of the least efficient anti-aliasing methods.\n\nIt isn't the \"next best thing to actually playing on a 4K monitor\" at all, you don't see any more detail.", "thanks :)", "Show them to us side by side.  One that has your scaling and one that runs 1080 native.  Please", "No way bro! On my iPad 1 I can clearly see the extra resolution and detail.\nIt's mind blowing!", "High-five iPad 1 friend.\n\nI wish it crashed less :(", "Yeah, it makes it kinda useless. I'm not at all OK with that, planned obsolescence doesn't need to kick in that quickly on an expensive product like that. \n\nI hope I've convinced everyone in this Reddit thread on an entirely different topic of the strength of my convictions in this matter. I'll show myself out.", "I'm on an Asus tf700 with keyboard and I'm loving not having crashes ", "From the title of the first image \"By @GameGriffin on Twitter. Uncompressed gallery at: http://benjaminthree.minus.com/m3bOsXZIk69WK\" ", "Imgur downscales the images for faster loading time and smaller bandwidth, I think you can download the 4k versions from imgur.", "Except that they aren't, the full-sized ones are 1080.", "Not those in the link off the page By @GameGriffin on Twitter. Uncompressed gallery at: http://benjaminthree.minus.com/m3bOsXZIk69WK\nI have a 4k monitor and many almost fill the screen...not quite 4k.  THe Windows 7 splash screen on boot up on a 4k monitor takes up a little square in the middle of the screen.   I have the 39\" Seiki", "I think this comment really captures most of the \"4k gaming\" posts that I see on this subreddit. Most people seem to be as impressed by skyrim at 800x600 as at 4k so long as you tell them the 800x600 image is 4k resolution. \n\nThe average gamer seems to think a game has good graphics because other people tell him it has good graphics and not because of the pixels infront of his face (this was also quite apparent with the CoD: Ghosts videos that people were posting recently). It's really kind of depressing.", "A 4k downsample is still better than 1080p native.  \nBut yeah, I see your point :/", "How do you figure?", "Down sampling to 1080 basically doing the same thing as what anti-aliasing (MSAA) is in a game.\n\nWhich is why it makes things look better.", "The resulting image will have less jaggies.", "Yeah I'm seeing the same thing.", "I don't think imgur will host big enough images for full resolution ", "It will: http://i.imgur.com/WoLlFm1.jpg", "My god look at that tiny HUD size.", "In-game HUD scale option. Great for people that don't like IN-YOUR-FACE HUDs", "Probably my favorite thing about Metro was the Ranger difficulty with no HUD *at all*. Shit was hard, and felt way more organic.", "Oh, sorry about that", "Only if you have imgur pro I believe. ", "I can't tell if he is upset or confused.", "My god, I can see his pores.", "I don't know of many games that hold up visually like Mirrors Edge.", "Mirrors edge holds up because of many reasons. One of which is artistic direction. Simply: the theme, style and frame of how all the textures, colors and scenes look are consistent. Vibrant, minimalist, and mostly, not like many other games. Include a pinch of motion blur and there you have it.\n\nA game that looks great on so many levels. Borderlands also share similar characteristics. I would definitely use mirrors edge and borderlands as a test of.color.fidelity on a monitor.", "Probably also has to do with the fact that the AI isn't as complex as some other games and the fact that there's really not much going on in the game. Just a player and a level really. No background events or anything. That probably helps. Runs smoother than every game I have.", "I would add Wind Waker to that list.", "I liked the way they used splashes of bright color to offset the mostly white buildings. It made the game feel...\"fruity\", I guess.", "Another part of what makes Mirror's Edge hold up graphically is that it uses \"prebaked textures\", meaning the lighting is prerendered and \"baked\" into the textures. ", "yup, it's just style. not graphics. mirrors edge graphics are fairly simple. just a good artist behind it.", "The high quality textures still require a decent powered machine to make them look as pretty as they really are; the game looked way better on my PC running in 1080p with maxxed settings compared to my Ps3.", "I was just thinking this. When did the game come out? Like 4 years ago? That game is looking better than some games coming out now. It's crazy. ", "it's all because it doesn't have crazy complex textures that, once downscaled for optimisation, don't look like a garbled mess of pixels like most other games.", "It was actually 5 years ago. Crazy to think that 2008 was that long ago...", "Say what we all want about EA and dice, but they really know how to make a visually appealing game.", "Absolutely. Battlefield games look amazing and Mirrors Edge looks great even on lower settings. I can't wait for Mirrors Edge 2 to see how great it looks. ", "[Take a look in shitty compressed youtube quality] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB4ZZ-2xVWE)", "Ah yeah, I remember that from E3. Even compressed it looks quite good. Just hoping for a somewhat open world. ", "iirc it was something about \"pre staging\" all the lighting and effects, not really real time. I don't remember very much though ", "The railing and the light on the left side of that Mirror's Edge screenshot doesn't look that real, but that orange wall. Wow oh wow if I just look at that I wouldn't be able to tell that that isn't real. ", "I exploded in my pants when I got to Mirror's Edge.", "I would be standard if it weren't so gosh darn expensive", "1080p was gosh darn expensive too", "Think it'll still be gosh darn expensive in 2-5 years?", "amazon has some on sale right now\n\nhttp://www.amazon.com/Seiki-Digital-SE50UY04-50-Inch-120Hz/dp/B00BXF7I9M", "How expensive are you?", "If you have to ask", "What's a ZJ?", "Take a look around again, I've seen 50\" 4k tvs for $1200.", "Where in the world are 4K TVs being sold for $1200?", "http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BXF7I9M/ref=s9_hps_ft_g23_ir02?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_s=center-3&amp;pf_rd_r=0MZSRAA5S5Y278A7XTXW&amp;pf_rd_t=1401&amp;pf_rd_p=1635168002&amp;pf_rd_i=1001007601", "http://www.tigerdirect.ca/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=7674736&amp;CatId=8893", "and thats not expensive? If you go \"blindly\" into any shop, you still have a high chance to get an TV not suited for gaming, because of problems with reaction time. First you need some 4k TVs and after this you need some good 4K TVs.", "Gee, I'll buy ten!", "how can i even appreciate these pictures on my laptop if it's only a 1080 resolution screen???  \ndo any of you even have a 4k res screen for your computer?  \nnot trying to be ignorant, just wondering.", "I have 2880x1800 on my 15\" macbook pro. Not quite 4k, but 4k content is freaking beautiful.", "Can confirm; these look stunning in fullscreen on that display. If it was possible to use my MacBook's display as an external monitor for my gaming desktop, I would do it in an instant.", "rip it off the platform and electrical tape dem wires :)", "this.\n", "&gt;Can confirm; these look stunning in fullscreen on that display.\n\nThat's amazing considering the fact that the OP's images are 1080.", "&gt; do any of you even have a 4k res screen for your computer?\n\nSure some do, you can get one here:\n\n$493 [Seiki 39\" Class LED 4K Ultra HDTV - 2160p, 3840 x 2160, 16:9, 120Hz](http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/searchtools/item-Details.asp?EdpNo=8430969&amp;sku=S874-3905) (tigerdirect) Apparently most people get them to be used as monitors not a TV.\n\n\n", "wait, what? 4k monitors are only 500 bucks now?!\n\noh wait, is it 4k interlaced :(", "&gt; oh wait, is it 4k interlaced :(\n\nNope.\n\nIt's 4k resolution at the maximum that hdmi can handle: 30hz.\n\nIt's not interlaced. (Which if it existed I would expect to see as 2160i, not 2160p)\n\n", "Oh god 30hz, I actually recoiled a bit.\n\nDual link DVI could handle a higher hz, couldn't it?", "Yes, dual link should be able to handle it, but not by much. It'll get you as high as 33Hz. =/\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Visual_Interface\n\nDisplayport is what you want, it'll get you 4K at 60Hz.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DisplayPort\n\nhdmi 2.0 will get you 60hz as well. Too bad most graphics cards are hdmi 1.4 for now.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HDMI  \n", "Yeah companies just need to stop backing HDMI and get on Display Port.", "&gt;  Too bad most graphics cards are hdmi 1.4 for now.\n\ntoo bad there's not a single GPU out there that can play anything on those resolutions with AA on :/ I really want to get a 4k TV (was looking at a large 55\" LG) but I'd have to spend almost the same amount on GPUs just to get anything above 60FPS. ", "At 4K resolution you don't need AA...The whole point of AA is to get rid of the aliasing lower resolutions provide. however raw 4K resolution with all those effects would take a toll on any modern graphics card so your point still stands.", "You still need AA on a modern big screen TV even at 4k. It is still noticeable without it. Now on a smaller monitor I could understand having it lower, since the pixel density is much higher on a 27\" 4k display vs. 55\" display. ", "Ehh there's other problems with big screen TVs that I wouldn't want to deal with playing pc games on them. Like low refresh rates, input lag and ghosting. That's why I stick to high performance monitors which usually aren't too big because that gets expensive fast. But we are dealing with a hypothetical world where 4K is standard so maybe TVs will have progressed past their issues.", "I think for now we're still a long ways off on wider adoption of 4K. I think it will come though, just a little slower than we want.", "So then do I TV up (need a new one) to a 4k and just play everything at what ever resolution the upgraded computer can muster, or just get a 1080p tv and live with it?", "IMO you get a 27\" 2560x1440 monitor for your computer, and a 1920x1080p *projector* for your movies.\n\nHere's my recommendations:\n\n* [Monoprice 11 110489](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00CE2T19I) It's $468  including shipping, (sometimes on sale a little cheaper). You could buy a 27\" of unknown quality for $300 off of ebay, but for me the peace of mind of buying from Amazon plus the guarantee of no defects you get from monoprice made it worth the extra $100.\n\n* [BenQ W1070 1080P 3D Home Theater Projector ](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A2T6X0K/) I bought one of these and I've been blown away. I'll never buy another HD tv again. Projectors have come along way in quality and way down in price. For under $900 for a 1080p picture that is 178\" across on my bare wall (these things are light cannons you don't have to have a screen any more)\n\n", "There are a lot of games that you could play with AA on just not the super new games. I would love to play EVE on a 55\" 4k display.", "The AMD 290x can run at 4K. ", "actually not really... the best card for it right now is the HD 7990. And even then you are dealing with 20fps on some titles. \n\n[AvP:](http://cfile3.uf.tistory.com/image/2373AB4E527ADEF1165164)\n\n[BF3:](http://cfile10.uf.tistory.com/image/225F0B4E527ADEF21BDF1B)\n\n[BF4:](http://cfile6.uf.tistory.com/image/246FE74E527ADEF318F772)\n\n[Metro Last light:]( http://cfile10.uf.tistory.com/image/266D884E527ADEFB195956)\n\nSo aside from a card that draws nearly 600watts there's really nothing out there that can provided a reliable full fledged 4k experience across the board. ", "Oh wow thank you. I guess I was looking at a X-fire setup.", "free prime shipping if you get it from amazon:\n\nhttp://www.amazon.com/Seiki-Digital-SE39UY04-39-Inch-Ultra/dp/B00DOPGO2G/", "1 Meter diagonal?! I just want a 40cm diagonal 4k progressive 120Hz display. I'll settle for 60 Hz. 30 doesn't cut it. I don't want it to be big. Why can't somebody just make a desktop monitor out of the Nexus 10 panel? I'd totally game on that.", "&gt; 4k progressive 120Hz display.\n\nMight take a little longer. Right now graphics cards are pumping out hdmi 1.4 signals that cap at 30Hz at 2160p (4K) resolution. If you're playing something where you need more than 30Hz (almost any sort of reaction speed game RTS, FPS, whatever) you're going to want to take advantage of a lower resolution at the 120 HZ that this monitor can pump out, or more reasonably get a different monitor. =)\n\nI see this monitor mostly in use by:\n\n    (a) developers  \n    (b) early 4K adopters\n\nHeck, I fit into both of those groups and i'm not jumping on this yet. (Right now I'm pretty happy with 2160x1440 for developing)\n\n", "Why is that TV so cheap compared to other 4k TV's?", "Apparently something or other about \"super-sampling\" which is like Anti-aliasing on crack from what I'm reading in this thread. I've run plenty of those games in 1080p and everything looks smoother in his pics.\n\nYa know what, let's just go with \"a wizard did it\" and move on.", "Almost 4k here. 2880 x 1800. MacBook Pro Retina display. It can handle things like Skyrim at 60Hz in real time at that res on like medium settings with low AA. It's fucking gorgeous, but usually I just play at lower res with higher settings.", "the submission is also to m.imgur.com which adds to the confusion", "One of the major benefits of a high PPI is the reduced need for anti-aliasing.", "Yes, but at the same time, you can get pretty good result by just downscaling, i.e. if you render at 4k and downscale to 1080p, so I'm not sure that higher PPI is that important for TV. It's only important for details, which you might not be able to see anyway 10 feet away from your TV. It's important for mobile, since the screen is small and close to your face.", "Can you explain what anti-aliasing and downscaling means? ", "Anti-aliasing is the blanket term given to a range of different techniques used to get rid of jagged edges in 3d models - for example, here's a shot with no AA at all. http://images.anandtech.com/reviews/video/ATI/4800/AAsmall/rv770.noAA.png compare that to a modern shot of a video game, and you'll note that the edges are a lot smoother - that's because it's A rendered at a higher resolution, and B because some form of AA is being run.\n\nDownscaling I'm not so clear on, but as far as I know it's where you render your image/video/visual at a higher resolution than what you're displaying it at, and then...scale it down...to the resolution it's displayed at.or something like that.", "I don't know what any of this means, I just want to have it.", "Can`t wait to have money", "Won't happen for another 16 years on consoles. Took them 8 years just to go from 720 to 1080.", "When did they go to 1080?", "Ahhh. Touch!", "They still haven't fully. BF4 is 990 I think.", "It's also upscaled.", "Obviously.  Anything sub 1080 on a 1080 monitor is upscaled.  That's what upscaling is.", "with upscaler chip xTz software tech", "What does upscaling mean?", "it means the actual resolution is lower but the final frame is interpolated to the larger resolution. Like taking a 640x480 image and stretching it up to be 1024x768. it wont look as good as an image that is native 1024x768.\n\n[This page explains it pretty well.](http://www.red.com/learn/red-101/upscaled-1080P-vs-4K)", "The game is rendered at a lower resolution and stretched either by your TV (usually) or the console to fit the higher resolution of the TV. It's cheaper computationally, thus faster.", "Which is bullshit that there bothering to call it the next gen, its just a performance bump over a leap like near every previous generation.", "Look at Halo 1 on Xbox then Halo 4 on 360.\n\nLook at Gran turismo then look at gran turismo 6. \n\nGive them some time. \n\nRemember they gotta make the best thing they can for under $500 or else it won't sell. ", "Wouldn't a better comparison be look at Call of Duty 2 vs Black Ops 2 on Xbox 360 to show that games will look better over time on the PS4/Xbox One?", "look at black on ps2!\n\nthat game looked like an xbox360 game", "Oblivion vs. Skyrim", "Yes, that would have been even better, as devs can learn the hardware better they can squeeze more out of them. I just hope the new consoles don't last as long, while Halo 4, The Last of Us, etc all the games coming out during the end of the consoles lifetime look amazing, they devs have to disable AA, and a bunch of other things to make the games meet their 30fps requirement. \n\nI love these games but dammit having frame drops when shit hits the fan isn't cool, even if the games look amazing. ", "That's due to developers being incompetent back then, as well as not being familiar with the unique architecture of both systems. With these new Consoles, the architecture has been used in PC for a VERY long time and everybody is familiar with it. They won't be anywhere as near of a difference that there was with the Xbox 360 and PS3.", "Look at Gran Turismo 6 and then look at Forza 5.\n\nOops. ", "I don't get it...are you fanboying? ", "Forza 5 (next gen title that was rushed to be a game that Microsoft could show off their new console's graphical capabilities with at the expense of the game using Forza 4's physics engine, half the cars at launch of Forza 4, and not supporting the racing wheels that can cost upwards of 600 dollars when combined with pedals, seats, shifters, ect..) does not look any better than Gran Turismo 6, which is being released on the PS3 early next month. \n\nA lot of Forza fanboys(myself included) are jumping ship and buying a PS3 specifically for GT6, as the PS3 supports the same racing wheel setups.", "oh....ok then. ", "Look at BF4 on the 360 and then BF4 on One. It doesn't have a Halo1/2 to halo 3/4 graphical gap that the previous gen had. This next generation is sadly underwhelming and will be why I won't buy either system.", "If only somebody would design a console with no upper limit on price and the most powerful graphics card available. Attaching a mouse and keyboard would make it the best console ever!", "No backwards compatibility for a tiny performance bump and each console is 400-500 big ones? And also having to pay for games at full price for a long time. And they say PC is expensive.", "I'm not going to buy the new consoles, there a generational joke that is going to bitterly hold back PC for the next 8 years. Oh well I'm going to use that console money to upgrade my rig, which will in turn be better than the new bloody gen for 8 bloody years.", "Diminishing return, m8.", "They're patching it in at a later date. I'm not saying consoles better or anything I just thought I'd let you know", "Dude, believe me, I am loving the PC dominance here. Finally we are not persecuted in the most diverse gaming sub.", "Oh I'm not a PC gamer, I prefer consoles, but I'm not so arrogant to think that PC games don't look better and run better", "N64 had 1080...", "I really wish I could get an update on that game", "No it didn't... it had a very low native resolution, and 1920x1080 would be absolutely astronomical(used this word to make it sound impossibly large), and impossible(with that era hardware) at the time. I can't remember exactly what it was, but I know it was below 640480 for most if not all games.", "That went right over your head lol\n\n(1080 snowboarding)", "Remember, technology progresses on a curve. Japan is already preparing to broadcast 4k next year and are planning to broadcast 8k by the 2020 Olympics.\n\nOh, and 4k tv's are coming down in price pretty fast. Best Buy 4k tvs went fro $15k to $5k in a year.\n\nCORRECTION: They are as low as 500 bucks \n\nhttp://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/searchtools/item-Details.asp?EdpNo=8430969&amp;sku=S874-3905\n\ndoubble edit: cnet review says the picture quality is what you'd expect from an off-brand tv - not that good.\n\nsuper edit: Here is the [Cnet review](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4nS1xJvGek) of the Seiki 4K tV. They say a 1080 tv of the same size looks better \n\n", "I don't think 4k at 30hz is \"gamer ready.\"", "It's OK you can play Need for Speed Rivals at max FPS.", "so it is.\n\nIt looks like the next cheapest one is [2 grand for a 58\"](http://www.2020pc.com/_e/LCD_TV/sproduct/1024352557/Toshiba_58L9300U_58_3D_LED_LCD_TV_16_9_UDTV.htm?gclid=CI-kqor08boCFabm7AodWx0Aiw)\n\n\n240Hz", "ClearMotion 240hz, I do not believe that is *actually* 240hz, and that doesn't actually say it runs 240 at 4k. Could easily just do 240 at 1080p. If you know otherwise I would love to know, 240 at 4k would be an *awesome* gaming TV, but that would have to be HDMI 2.0.", "Would probably require two HDMI 2.0 links, maybe more.", "Would require four HDMI 2.0 links.\n\nJust DisplayPort it.", "Like you would be able to squeeze 4K @ 240 FPS trough a HDMI or displayport cable...", "What's displayport's max bandwidth? I thought you could get pretty close.", "HDMI 2.0 can do 38402160p @ 60fps. The new Displayport has a bit  more bandwidth ((2,88 Gbit/s more)).", "Isn't there an HDMI 2.0 coming out? Which will have support for 4K and higher frame rates and it is literally the same exact looking port.\n\n\n\n &amp;nbsp;\n\n\n\n[Here is some info on it](http://reviews.cnet.com/8301-33199_7-57603018-221/hdmi-2.0-what-you-need-to-know/)", "I believe it is capped at 60hz for 4k/2160p.", "Well that is still pretty impressive either way. If they managed such an increase with the same exact sized cable and port, I would imagine further improvements could be made in the future as well. ", "Lets go with Thunderbolt 2 already... 20 Gbit/s!  \n", "SDI?\n\n*6G-SDI as the next-gen video cable could be nice. Bayonet connectors FTW. \n\nBut more likely they would just upgrade HDMI to a new spec along the lines of an optical version. ", "SDI is a slower interface and has a way more clean signal than HDMI or Displayport in terms of timing and inteference. The best standard in SDI we have for broadcast is 3G-SDI that can run at 1080p 60fps. \n4K formats are scheduled for somewhere next year when SMPTE feels like it, but cables will be fragile and problematic.", "If that is real 240hz, I'll buy it right now.\n\nUnless it multiplexes displayport, I assume it is faux-240hz.", "http://www.sears.com/shc/s/p_10153_12605_05771591000P?sid=IAx20050830x000545&amp;aff=Y&amp;PID=4485850&amp;AID=11042411", "As I stated above... I have a Seiki 4k 39\".   If you are 1st person shooter...not a good choice.  I like driving games like Dirt3 and it is fantastic even at 30hz.  ", "What cards are you using to power it? ", "That is not a 60hz tv so it is useless.", "You sure Japan's going to broadcast 4K? I remember an interview with one of the head guys at NHK saying they aren't going to bother switching to 4K when 8K is going to be broadcast in 2020. ", "That's what the net says\n\nhttp://techcrunch.com/2013/01/28/japan-planning-to-broadcast-4k-tv-as-soon-as-2014/", "I have the Seiki 39\" 4k I use strickly as a monitor.  If it died tomorrow I would order another one while sending this back for repair.  Yes...the refresh rate is too slow for some games...so when the brand name higher refresh rates drop in price this monitor becomes a TV somewhere.", "Are we going to have 24Gbps bandwidth by 2020?", "Ok here are some relevant discussion points to consider.  [Here is this article](http://carltonbale.com/does-4k-resolution-matter/) on why 4k TV sets are impractical (at least in a living room setting) due to the required screen size at a typical seating distance to even be able to see a *resolution* difference.  Even Sony documentation on their own 4k sets recommends an *extremely* close viewing distance to be able to see the difference.  \n\n[This from gadgetwise] pretty much saying the same thing, with verification from the ISF (Imaging Science Foundation).  Computer monitor-wise 4k will be amazing, but in a living room setting it is far from the miraculous increase many expect, unless you plan on sitting 4ft from your TV (assuming around a 60\" screen).  For 8k, you are looking at 2ft for a 60\" screen.  [Another distance calculator here](http://referencehometheater.com/2013/commentary/4k-calculator/).  \n \nOne of the big things that 4k can bring that is exciting is xvYCC extended color space.  Much more accurate color representation, which the ISF rates 3rd in its list of most important features for picture quality, behind dynamic range and color saturation.  Screen resolution was fifth.  Of course, we would need a method to actually get xvYCC video playback, but that is another matter.....ugh\n\nOf course resolution is certainly important in this sub, as is refresh rate, but I see these so often used only as selling points in living room TVs and are very very misunderstood.  They think they are going to get their new 50\" 4kTV home and be blown away by the pictures.  They very well may be, but they could have done the same with a 50\" 1080 - unless of course they like sitting 3 feet from a 50\" screen. ..\n", "Yeah we are getting in Seiki's by the truckload where I work for our super-duper cheap Black Friday sales and they look like complete ass compared to the Sony's, Samsungs, LGs, and even Sanyo's.  Cheap-ass shit to say the least.\n\nI mean, if a 50\" TV costs $400, it's obviously a piece of crap, but you know what?  We will sell all of them in 15 minutes, because most people are fucking stupid and buy based on price alone.  They'll be back next year when it up and dies on them to buy another one....and again the year after that...and again....and again....but they'll keep buying the cheapest shit they can find and bitch and moan about how nothing lasts every time they walk through the door.\n\nSorry for the rant...I work in retail.  Pity me.", "&gt; They'll be back next year when it up and dies on them to buy another one....and again the year after that...and again....and again....but they'll keep buying the cheapest shit they can find and bitch and moan about how nothing lasts every time they walk through the door.\n\nTo Quote the author, Terry Pratchett:\n\n**Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.**\n\n&gt; The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money.\n\n&gt; Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles.\n\n&gt;But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet.\n\n&gt; This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.\n", "Oh, I get that...but you know, for $400, they could buy a smaller TV that *wasn't* a flaming pile, but noooooope, gotta be the biggest possible, even if the picture quality is comparable to that of an Etch-A-Sketch.  \n\nWe have $400 TVs that are decent brands, but they're in the 32\"-40\" range.", "Bullshit.  They spend more money replacing TVs because they are stupid, not because they are poor.", "Woooooosshhh!", "TV is a want not a need, but wealth is definitely a factor.\n\nWealthy people can afford to buy quality, poor people often cant and end up spending more in the long run.\n\nThanks for sharing your completely anecdotal opinion with no examples though.", "I have a seiki 50 inch. I don't know in what world you live in where the 4k Sony TVs picture justifies the 5 grand price vs the 900 price. Especially since the Sony offered no HDMI 2.0 or display port. I can promise you that my seiki for 750 bucks on Craig list will beat out any Sony for 5 grand. ", "They're down to 2 grand now. And i think the clarity and depth of color and black level may be what separates them, that's not super important to everyone but for technophiles it does matter sometimes. ", "2 grand for black friday maybe. But everywhere i'm searching i still see 3999, 4999, lowest is 2999. Sure, they are getting cheaper, but the tvs being released dont have hdmi 2.0 or displayport 2 so the 30hz limitation will still be there. Not to mention the warranties are exactly the same as the seiki except for sony which is 18 months instead of 12. I just dont see enough of a difference to warrant to price gap. Maybe in a year or two when hdmi 2 hits, sales will go up", "That's not what I'm saying, I'm saying that people will spend the money on an off-brand piece of shit because OMG 50 INCHES rather than opt for the smaller, but higher quality, television.\n\nWe have Samsungs and LGs for $400.  They're not 50 inches, but the picture is ten times better and they'll last more than a year.  \n\nBut people don't look at quality, they want to biggest possible TV they can fit in their car (and even then, I've had people rent a freaking load-and-go from Home Depot because they didn't have a car big enough to fit it in at all...)\n\nThe whole \"poor people can't afford quality\" thing I get...but it's not that they can't afford it, they *want* the cheapest one with the largest diagonal size and then complain about how nothing lasts.  \n\nBetter to buy a 40\" LG than a 50\" Seiki, but what do I know, I just sell the things all day.", "...that's exactly what you are saying. You're saying I should have purchased a 40 inch 1080p instead of a 50 inch 4k...and again, you're high as shit if you think a 1080p monitor is going to out crisp a 50 inch 4k monitor (even a seiki) playing actual 4k video. But what do I know. I'm just a video editor. \n\n*edit: I checked around other websites for warranties*  \nSONY 55 inch 4k;            18 months  \n                                                                            \nLG 55inch 4k:                 12 months \n                                                                           \nSamsung 55 inch 4k :      12 months \n                                                                            \nSharp 70 inch 4k tv:        12 months\n                                                                            \nPanasonic 65 inch 4k tv:   12 months\n\n*So bitch all you want to about seiki being a crap company that will break within a year, but the other guys offer the same warranty minus Sony.*", "We have a saying in Arabic that goes something like: if you choose to buy at the cheaper price, you'll pay more", "There's a saying for everything in Arabic. My dad pretty much has something for any and every occasion. ", "And they are still using less than 1TB harddrives. =/", "That shit drives me crazy. 500 GB should be the absolute minimum these days. ", "they arent even really 720 yet.\n\nalso, what good is HD resolutions when the textures arent even HD yet.", "&gt;what good is HD resolutions when the textures arent even HD yet.\n\nIt's still helpful. \n\nThere's about 4 things to consider. Lighting, Models, Texture, and Resolution.\n\nLighting; All the HD Textures, high poly models, and massive resolutions in the world will look like crap if they are drawn with a flat full material shade lighting. You need things to cast shadows, you need the objects to be brighter on the side that faces light and darker on the sides that don't. The more realistic you can make this the better; things like post rendering effects, bloom, HDR, Dynamic shadows, bump mapping... all contribute.\n\nNext you've got models. Remember the original Tomb-raider, ol' Pyramid-tits? No matter what resolution you're running at, high definition textures you've set up, awesome lighting effects you've created - all of that will be for naught if she's doesn't have a protruding nose, hair that moves on it's own, all the little nuances to make multiple different parts move. As well as occlude the environment behind them appropriate to the shape the model is trying to convey.\n\nThen you've got textures, what you paint onto models and light with your lighting systems. If you're stuck with an 8 bit colour scheme, and 16 pixel by 16 pixel textures, you're going to find it difficult to really draw in the surface details. You simply can't capture the different shades of hair colour or show individual strands of hair if you don't have the colour pallet and texture size to draw it in. \n\nLastly is your viewpoint resolution. All that other stuff could be phenomenal, but if you're stuck at a 400x300 resolution, it's going to look pixelated. \n\nSo, while, some people would have you think that you're only as strong as the weakest link in any of these scenarios - I don't think that's entirely true. You take a game like Unreal Tournament which was built to scale really well; the textures were never given a full HD Remake, but running it at 1920x1200 still looks better than 800x600, or 1024x768  or 1280x1024. It's just not as good as it COULD look if the textures were updated. And even if those textures were updated, it could look a lot better if the models were updated... and if those were updated, it could still use some lighting improvements. Its more that the weakest link is always the most apparent - not so much that things can't be improved even while certain parts are lacking. ", "Don't forget increasing shader complexity. [It's the main reason NBA 2K14's character models really look an order of magnitude better on the new systems than they do on the older consoles](http://i.imgur.com/CrVfBiR.jpg).\n\nHaving materials that can properly emulate skin (by approximating effects such as subsurface scattering) and other complex object surfaces is extremely important to improving \"graphics\" as well.", "Heck, if people are complaining about 30gb installs now , just wait for 4k textures.", "My New Vegas installation's already over 100 GB, and I haven't even found  replacements for every texture with 2k ones, nevermind 4k.", "How is the PS4 \"not really 720p\"? You people are ridiculous.", "Weren't most games sub 720?", "You are correct.", "[Ahh, extrapolation](http://xkcd.com/605/). ", "&lt;3 You're right... my calculations were way off. They'll have 120k screens next year and we'll be still finishing our drive to 4k", "Show me a $400 gaming PC that can run modern games at 1080p.", "I can do better than that. $350... and this video is a year old...\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv60r_cS8kw\n\nWhen Mantle and the new AMD APUs come out, it will empower the $350 PC even more. GG consoles. &lt;3", "AMD A10-5800K - [$114](http://www.amazon.com/AMD-A10-5800K-3-8Ghz-Processor-AD580KWOHJBOX/dp/B0095VP8D4/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1384908669&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=AMD+A10-5800K)  \nMotherboard - [$145](http://www.amazon.com/ASRock-MicroATX-Motherboard-FM2A75-PRO4-M/dp/B009MBI68Q/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1384908699&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=ASRock+FM2A75M-DGS+Micro+ATX+FM2+Motherboard),  \nRAM - [$87](http://www.amazon.com/G-SKILL-Series-240-Pin-Desktop-F3-1866C9D-8GAB/dp/B007GWMRL0/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1384908699&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=ASRock+FM2A75M-DGS+Micro+ATX+FM2+Motherboard),  \n\n\nAnd it's already at budget without the case, power supply or hard drive.   \n", "Why would you buy a $145 motherboard and $87 memory..", "Ummmm.... yeah....\n\nhttp://www.newegg.com/Product/ComboBundleDetails.aspx?ItemList=Combo.1241779\n\n*shrug*   $259 now.   Deal with it.\n\n\nOr $350 - http://www.newegg.com/Product/ComboBundleDetails.aspx?ItemList=Combo.1464727\n\nOr $400 - http://www.newegg.com/Product/ComboBundleDetails.aspx?ItemList=Combo.1271055", "Your $350 model is the only one that compares to the video. ", "That's a pretty silly thing to ask, you can build a pretty crappy PC that can run games at 1080p with the settings turned down all the way. A better thing to ask would be \"show me a gaming PC that can run modern games at medium or high at 1080p for $400.\" Which if you need to buy an OS(as in can't get it free through school or have one laying around) it might be a bit difficult.\n\nhttp://pcpartpicker.com/p/258KK\n\nThis is what I came up with, then just go on Ebay or something and try buying an OS off there for a reduced price, you will end up slightly over $400, especially since you will want a gaming mouse.", "SteamOS will be free.", "Yes and so is Linux now in fact, however Linux(and SteamOS which is Linux) inherits the whole lack of games thing.", "For me, the number of quality Linux games already exceeds my available gaming time so it's a non-issue.\n\n", "First, the new consoles arn't even doing that.  Second, it can be done (as others posts say).  Third, you probably will buy a computer anyway.  So if you are in the market for a cheap 300-400$ computer anyway then beef it up a bit and you're golden.", "&gt; Show me a $400 gaming PC that can run modern games at 1080p.\n\nShow me a console which can meet those same standards? A PC may average a bit more in the hardware costs, but it's doing things that consoles simply can not.", "there are none. You just countered your own point.\n\ncrap, read 4000 for some reason", "Graphics are the very very least of my concernes when it comes to grading games!", "Cool! There's lots of great PC games that don't require much graphical power at all that will work out swell for you.", "Personally, Halo is my favorite franchise, so that is reason alone to get an Xbox for me :)\n\nI also like games like Terraria on PC (don't have an expensive PC).", "There are plenty of tabletop games at your disposal then. \n\nD&amp;D utilizes the bare minimum. Unless pen and paper is too elitist for you.  ", "hey, no gamer purists allowed here! You've gotta be a part of a platform gang, or you're not cool, man!", "Mirror's Edge holds up really well!", "I've been shooting in 4k for the last 5years.  Unless you're projecting to near movie theater size, no one can really tell a difference between 1080 and 4k.\n\nedit:  anyone else have real 4k experience?  Have you shot 720p, 1080, 2k, and 4k test footage and watched them in a movie theater?  \n\nI'm not bothered by downvotes, but it would be nice to hear your take on this matter.", "&gt; anyone else have real 4k experience? Have you shot 720p, 1080, 2k, and 4k test footage and watched them in a movie theater?\n\nYes, actually, I do. And I agree with you completely.\n\nI work in the CG animation business, and I've worked on projects ranging from SD to 4K at 60fps. We don't usually work with \"footage\" (except in situations where plates were shot and we're comping onto the footage), but rendered images. Our screening room is capable of displaying images up to 4K, and it is the only place where the untrained eye can tell the difference.\n\nOn a standard monitor I can guarantee you that the average PC gamer cannot tell the difference.\n", "&gt;On a standard monitor I can guarantee you that the average PC gamer cannot tell the difference.\n\nIf you can notice aliasing with AA turned off at a 1080, you can tell the difference.", "Such a simple and direct test to show that for gamers this will matter.\n\nAnother simple test. If 4k pixels are too small to differentiate, create a few dead pixels on a screen. If you can see them than they are not to small.", "Remember for lots of gamers, they spend half the time staring right in the middle of their screen at the crosshairs of their gun.\n\nThe resolution of that middle bit becomes super important then.  Thats the difference between just hitting that dude running away and hitting him between the eyes.\n\nYou don't really get the same effect in film, since if there was something the user needed to see in detail, the director would give a close-up.", "Exactly\n\nWas just playing HalfLife 2 earlier today, while thinking about all the people saying you cant tell any higher than 1080 and theres no reason for it bla bla bla.  YES YOU FUCKING CAN.  When I'm looking at a power line running off into the distance, and the damn thing is going on a slight angle to the pixels, you get sections where there appears to be no power lines, then they flash back in once they're parallel again.  Then when they move or other thin objects move past the screen, you get this odd object tearing and flashing effect.  I have no idea what its technically called, but IT DESTROYS THE IMMERSION.  So before a bunch of you go spouting off about how we \"cant tell the difference\" go play yourself a fucking game and notice how often small objects or sharp angles flash as they become close to parallel with the horizontal pixels, because it pisses me the fuck off.  NO level of AA helps at 1080 enough to mask it completely.  Some games use enemies with lights or red glowing eyes to help you see them.  Higher resolution means farther detection distance with less flashing in and out.  (if someone knows what the technical term for this tearing/flashing effect is called please feel free to mention.)\n\nHopefully once we hit 4k with some AA this will be a non-existent problem.", "What you guys are saying makes zero sense. Once you're using those actual pixels in useful ways, you'll see a difference. It won't be direct, as in WOAH. But view a game from these days and in a few years, and there should be a noticable difference. Just the extra pixel space adding for more detail will be enough.", "I agree, same exact problem with the music industry; no one understands the point of higher quality. The music doesn't get deeper or change, but it feels *more natural and pleasant to the ear* the same way our eyes work. We may not be able to tell the difference in a major way, but it is noticeable and more enjoyable experience.", "I've been working on 4K VFX for about half a year now. What you say is true. I think the big difference comes in being able to zoom into all the detail. Granted your standard user wont be pausing games/tv and zooming into the image to make sure that there is fidelity between elements. Having 4K textures is where it would really matter in games. ", "&gt; I think the big difference comes in being able to zoom into all the detail.\n\nThis is entirely true.  And is why 4k is such a big deal on the production side.   You can shoot on one lens size and punch in digitally without a loss in quality if you're outputting 1080. \n\nThe movie 300 made extensive use of this. ", "I work in this industry too and I think it's pretty easy to tell the difference between 4k downsampled to 1080 and native 1080. It's just crisper and sharper with much more visible detail.", "With a computer game, it can easily be rendered at 4k and downsampled to 1080p, in fact that's how full screen anti-aliasing works and why it's so GPU intensive.", "There are physical limitations to what angular resolution the eye can see. How many pixels become useless is dependent on how close you are to the screen, screen size, and he viewers eyes. This isn't a subjective test: it is entirely objective from optical calculation along with biological limitations. [For a PC screen](http://s3.carltonbale.com/resolution_chart.html) It's arguable that 4k is the absolute upper limit. It could also be argues that 1440p (2560x1440) constitutes that upper limit. For a TV it is much harder to argue that anything above 1080p is useful (assuming a 55 inch like I have). More useful as screen size increases.", "While what you say is accurate when talking about film it's different when you are rendering an image. You get very sharp edges because of the rendering process, so if you can display the rendered image on a 4k screen with a high pixel density you will see a better image than an image rendered at 2k on a 2k screen (for the same screen size).", "And the human eye can't see more than 24 fps, blah blah blah. At Best Buy they have 4K TV's and at sitting distance its pretty damn obvious. The great thing is we can go even higher with our TVs without them being a blocky mess. \n\nOh and obviously monitors will be *immediately* apparent at 4k.", "Real answer: Yes I have, and yes I can tell.\n\nShot on a T3i, GH3, MK3, Scarlet, and Epic. I don't understand how people can't tell the difference.", "On the big screen the trained eye can definitely tell. \n\nBut when I packed 300 people into a theater and had them watch a scene that was cut with both Epic and 7d footage, and raise their hand when they saw 7d footage, almost no one got it right. ", "And a lot of people can't tell me between 128 kbps and WAV, and my father watches SD stretched content on his TV and doesn't notice a difference. ", "It's amazing how I never noticed how shitty VHS was until I got DVD, and never noticed how shitty my SD CRT TV was until I got 1080p. I have a feeling that 4K will be the same way. You might not notice how good it is, but then after watching it exclusively for a day you'll see something on a 1080p screen and realize it looks less crisp.", "I haven't seen a 4K monitor, but I've seen a 1440p monitor and the difference is absolutely massive. The leap to 4K is literally too large to go unnoticed. 1920x1080 doesn't look too crisp anymore. ", "In film maybe. but the realm of 3d videogames is something else. The thing about these screenshots is everything in them is amazingly smooth. There is not a jagged edge anywhere.", "gopro black baby", "Form a computer side it depends on the screen size, the distance you sit from it and what you are viewing. I normally use a 30\" 2560x1600 display but have gamed on a 32\" 4k display and while not huge it is noticeable. \n\nOn my TV (55\") I don't think it would be all that noticeable for movie watching however it would be extremely noticeable when trying to use the screen to display small text and I think highly advantages when using a HTPC.", "That is pure bullshit.  You sound like the people that can't tell the differnece between SD and HD,  or 60fps and 120. ", "Just got back from Best Buy - they had the 4k TVs next to the \"others.\" \n\nHoly shit there is a difference, you are out of your mind. ", "I have trouble distinguishing 720p from 1080p on my 50\" TV sitting 5 feet away. Unless you have some some sort of eagle vision or your face is inches away from your screen, you're not going to notice the difference.  \n4K is the next marketing gimmick that TV manufacturers will use to try to sell us new TVs.", "The only reason 4K stuff is out right now is because 4K cameras are helping film production because you can scale up without losing quality when it's exported to sub 4K quality. Consumer 4K TVs are next to pointless. The good news is the 1080p tvs will drop in price and suckers will spend more money on 4K. ", "your tv is most likely upscaling that 720p content to 1080p.\nthe physical pixel difference is much more apparent.\n\ni've seen a 1080p and 4k side by side in a store and the difference was immediately apparent from a standard distance away. even more so for a standard PC sitting distance.", "4K is very important on the VFX/CG side, but when it comes to consumer TVs you are correct.\n\nShit, most stations still don't even broadcast at 1080p.", "This is bullshit. I can understand 4k v 1080p on a 24 inch screen, but 720 v 1080p on a 50 inch TV is so easily noticed just watching standard television.", "which is why these images dont look better than when its rendered at 1080,,", "It's \"super sampling\", which basically takes place of aggressive Anti-Aliasing. A 1080 res render would not have that.", "4k on a 22inch monitor yields 200ppi (1080p yields 100ppi), and at about 17 inches away the pixels are not distinguishable; this would be a pretty good standard because it bases the limit on visual acuity, now we just need GPUs to keep up.\n\nPretty neat calculator: http://bhtooefr.ath.cx/displaycalc.htm", "Noobs. I play with over 400ppi on my mobile phone... Suck it PC gamers", "Incoming mod bans when people start posting pictures of their phones.", "While we may not be able to distinguish the pixels, does that mean going to 8K wouldn't add any clarity? ", "8k is pretty technologically demanding for just broadcast content; it is the same pixel count as 16 1080p displays, so you're probably looking at 8 high end GPUs to process that amount of information for gaming. Not to mention HDMI doesn't even support that resolution or bandwidth, and there are a myriad of other technical issues. \n\nAs for aliasing/clarity issues at 4k, I would assume they would be almost non existent on smaller, monitor sized displays.", "But at 34 inches the pixels on the 1080p screen are indistinguishable. And the average resting point for the human eye is &gt;31 inches. So either you are going to be intelligent and sit far enough away that you cant tell the difference, or you destroy your eyes. You really need a monitor larger than 22\" to justify 1440/1600p and a monitor larger than 30\" to justify 4k. TVs are another story but 4k monitors are an absolute waste.", "31 inches away!? Some people actualy use the backrest when at a computer!? Madmen. I'm an average of 18 to 24 inches away. I might need new glasses.\n\nSitting too close to a tv/monitor does not damage your eyes. Thats a myth. It can hurt your neck tho.", "How the hell can you be sitting so close to the monitor? 18 inches from my monitor doesn't even reach the edge of my desk!", "Lean into that shit yo. Computers are intense. Gota be in my battlestance for programming and redditing. My head is about at the edge of my desk or over it.", "I've never understood how people can game and recline at the same time. I feel like my reaction time and keystroke accuracy is much better when I'm hunched over my desk, ready to pounce.", "But dude. 17 inches away from the screen. I'm loving the sound of that.", "I have a 30\" monitor, I sit 22\" away from it. The pixels are quite noticeable. I would love a 4k monitor.", "you need to scoot back", "Why", "so your head doesnt explode.  I sit probably 36\" away from my 30\" and even that feels too close.", "http://www.overclockers.co.uk/showproduct.php?prodid=MO-058-AS\n\nAn absolute waste?\n\nBut son, 3k! It's a steal!", "That's just stupid. Just because at 34 inches away the enormous pixels blur together doesn't mean adding more pixels isn't an improvement in clarity. ", "Well yea I basically agree with you, but in terms of a future-proof standard, getting close to the maximum ppi for indistinguishable pixels seems like what you should shoot for, I'm of course ignoring the costs and marginal gains above say 125ppi.\n\nAnother good chart: http://s3.carltonbale.com/resolution_chart.html", "For comparison the more recent generation iphones are like 326 ppi I think (since you hold them closer to your face).", "And the most recent generation of android phones are around 450 ppi, for comparison.\n\n^^^is ^^^that ^^^guy", "Over ~290 or so on your phone you don't notice a difference so it really doesn't matter after a certain point.", "Iv'e been wanting to buy a new monitor for awhile, I am also getting a new graphics card and do plan on spending quite a bit of money, so is there anything specific you recommend?", "&gt;  pixels are not distinguishable\nAccording to that calculator the top resolution I'd need on my laptop is 2000x2000 :x\n", "Can someone explain to me why these are \"4k\" images? Aside from people seemingly forgetting how resolutions are measured which has always been by the vertical pixel count (480, 720, 1080), now all of a sudden some idiot marketer decided \"Fuck it, the horizontal resolution is a bigger number\".\n\n\nBut even ignoring all that... the uncompressed gallery's images are 3200x1800. Not even 4k by this dumb standard.", "What kind of specs would be needed to run these games at these settings at these resolutions with steady FPS?  What kind of $ value are we looking at?", "If you get a 60hz 4k monitor, to play them with reliable frame rates you'd need about $1200 in graphics cards alone (two 780's or 290's or 290x cards), on top of the $3500 you'd pay for the 60hz monitor.", "I have a question that will show my ignorance on this subject but, if my computer doesnt have 4k resolution, isnt it impossible to view these photos at 4k? I guess I dont really know what resolution means.", "For PC 4k will be much more widely available very soon, while for consoles, I can't even say when they will get 4k considering they can't even get 1080p with their \"Next gen\"", "Is Catwoman naked in that 11th picture!?", "Nope, it's her Long Halloween costume\n\n", "before increasing resolution, can we please invest more computational power towards higher poly-counts? preferably to the point where round shapes are still round when close to the viewpoint and vegetation is not made out of masked textures glued on sticks.\nand can proper physics based clothing become standard so e.g. a moving arm does not stretch the painted-on texture?\n\nunless a higher overall quality of graphics is not standard, 4k wont get us anything but make the lack of visual quality even more apparent.", "&gt;can we please invest more computational power towards higher poly-counts?\n\nWho is this \"we?\" You can choose how to use your computational power, unless you're talking about consoles.", "i like the graphics for final fantasy XII =I", "I like the graphics for FFXII too. I play it on an emulator, rendered in 4K and downsampled to 1080p.", "As soon as they do, I will need a new graphic card to be able to render in that quality... Or 4 of them. ", "wow it really does look better. Never liked the jaggies", "I don't. Too poor to buy a monitor that big", "What platform is Planetside 2 on? I've never heard of this game and it looks amazing.", "PC and soon PS4", "PC. Come join us, very helpful community (r/planetside). Mass multiplayer (up to 2000 players per map ) and free to play.\n\nIt will be on PS4, i don't remember exactly when but it's a sonny game so it definitely will.", "PC and PS4", "Those pictures are just games at high settings.  None of them are actually at 4k resolution.\n\nAll 4k means is the same graphics at higher resolution (sharper).", "I just wish I could easily still find 1920x1200 monitors. Shit ass 1080.", "Here let me just look at some 4k images on my 1080p screen.\n\nYep, sure looks like HD to me.", "Here we fucking go again. Resolution does not make a pretty or beautiful image, it just makes it not look blurry or pixelated on a big enough monitor. It does make it crispier, and more detailed, but it does not give you prettier textures, shaders, models, etc. Damnit... This is not even a 4k image, it's HD 1080 which is 1920x1080 pixels.", "Resolution has basically nothing to do with image quality. That's like saying a 15 megapixel camera takes better photos than a 5 megapixel camera. There's zero correlation. ", "4k oddly looks like 1080P on my 1080P monitor...", "The thing people don't generally know about is that, the higher the resolution, the slower the feedback from controller to TV is. So, there is a downside to this new technology.", "Not true at all. ", "I have seen the future and it Is beautiful ", "Hold your balls... 1080p is not even standard yet.", "Two 780ti's couldn't handle 4k max graphics games. Those cards are $700 each right now.\n\n4k won't be the standard for a while, and it doesn't need to be. Forget running anything at 120hz and seeing the capability of a 120hz monitor, like you can with 1920x1080.\n\nIn a few years, I'm with you. But not until I can run 4k games at a consistent 120fps, no matter the environment. Once that is possible with one graphics card, it will be the norm.", "Wow these 4k images look so good on my 1k monitor!", "Not that it matters on this monitor.", "PS6, maybe. ", "or PC in a couple years. ", "or currently on PC.", "Not the standard today. It's outliers, not standard.", "whoops, I can't read.  Didn't notice \"standard\"... even though it's the title.", "Yeah, but at least PCs can still do it..", "PS5 will do 4K for sure..\n", "Upscaled 1440p @ 20 fps", "Amazing graphics, but honestly - I'll NEVER understand why circular things always end up looking all blocky and hexagonal.  It seems we always are improving resolution and textures, but those damn blocky parts always exist.  I see it everywhere on anything that has a curve.   Why haven't we been able to tone that down more?  Even the shoe on one of those characters looked just as bad as N64 graphics (when speaking about the shape!)\n", "Diminishing returns in polygon count vs perceived quality. \n\nI agree. It is idiotic to waste computational resources going for more pixels if you are going to render an hexagonal prism instead something closer to the real thing.", "Exactly, thank you.  I feel like they've hit a plateau with graphics.  Good thing there's all this buzz about VR to distract us from it, though.", "It feels like they've hit a plateau with graphics because developers have been working with the same hardware for the past 10 years", "Yeah, actual 4k doesn't look like that. Those are mostly high res textures and other filters and you can achieve quite the same effect on 1080p right now.\n\nDownsampling is also pretty stupid because you can achieve the same effect with just AA and with about half the power. Even though if you're running native 1080p you really barely need AA as it's not going to be super noticeable, though FXAA looks pretty nice.\n\nI would rather play on my 1080p monitor with beautiful pictures and 144hz refresh rate then anything higher res right now. Most of the 4k monitors are just bad right now anyways with awful picture.", "I tried one of the asus ones and it looked really nice. I don't have 3.5k I'm willing to drop on a monitor at the moment though", "I am 4K ready, wait, I still need that 3K$ monitor. Damn this feels like 1997 again when a good 17\" was as expensive as your whole computer. We got spoiled lately with the cheap LCD. ", "[This](http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/searchtools/item-Details.asp?EdpNo=8430969&amp;sku=S874-3905) is only 493.99 USD.", "Where is the catch ?\n\nI think , this is the catch \"5000:1 Dynamic, 6.5ms\"", "That's just kinda crappy, 30Hz at 4K is the catch", "4K stills look photorealistically gobtastic, sure.  But does anyone else feel that, when in motion, this just highlights the fact that the animation / AI still looks herky jerky, lame, and often times glitched?  It's like we've reached a point where the animation detail doesn't match the res detail.\n\nDo developers really have the manpower to populate 4K worlds with all the ingredients we will be able to see?  \n\nPersonally I don't think they can afford the time it would take.  \n\nThis pixel arms race is diverting creative energy away from the fun part.", "Im sorry but sport games are not the same in PC, worse community ever...", "well since this console generation can barely handle 1080p we will have to wait a while.. 5-10 years maybe?", "Or you could get a pc", "Sorry for mobile link", "Its alright, I found the non-mobile link on reddit, where it was first posted last month", "Are you talking 4K resolution textures? or are we talking 4K monitors?", "Can someone link or throw together a mockup of what hardware would be needed and how hilariously expensive it would be at this point in time?", "Well the monitor to display them would cost more than $1 per pixel...", "A 4k gaming monitor is about $3500. Then you just need about $1200 of graphics cards. You could probably get the whole rig for under $5500 new, or less than $5,000 if you had some parts already laying around. Or if you wanted to sacrifice a lot of gaming quality, you could game at 4k for less than $2000, but you'd be capped to 30hz.", "Why to textures look better? I dont understand, the images used in the models UV maps cant up rez because of resolution?", "And I'm just sitting here, playing @720", "Always loved the mall in Mirror's Edge.", "I thought it was impressive. Until I realized I was viewing it minimized so its less than 720p ", "Imagine being a cashier in Columbia ", "Man. These screeshots look amazing on my [NON 4K DISPLAY]", "Are there any cheap 4k monitors or are they all in the thousands of dollars range?", "At least you wait a month: http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1onppg/pc_gaming_at_4k_resolution_60_more_screenshots/", "all i want is good performance on 1080", "Not 4k", "Jeez people, dude has the link to the 4k gallery right at the top.", "Awesome pics, one day.....", "Is this 4k? Or 1440p.", "caught in a console, no escape from 720p.", "Img to large", "Can't wait to have an affordable PC who can run a game with full 4k graphics non-stop.\n\nOh...right.", "Maybe by then I'll be able to afford gaming at 1080.", "These images are not 4k. Look like 1080p to me.", "my wallet sure as hell can.\n\n", "The only issue being that on my monitor, these images aren't displayed in anything better than what I already have...so using these images as my baseline for 4k, I don't see the benefit\n\nSarcasm aside, I can't wait for 4k prices to drop a bit so I can pick one up.", "Can't wait till retina MBP gets a decent GPU, these screenshots look orgasmic", "Lol@ FIFA", "4K format is wasted on smaller monitors.  I can't put my digital hands on the article that discussed the science behind it right this second but there was one circulating within the last week or 2 that talked about what screen sizes would actually benefit from 4k resolution.", "What's the point of 4k when there is no media to play? Netflix might be able to spew some hype about it but in reality most ISP's still can't give 24/7 1080p.", "NOPE! too much money!", "And here I am, happy with my 1440x900 19\" monitor", "I can.", "I could look at images like these all day.", "Wasn't this album already posted by someone else?", "i'm fine on 1440p", "how much are the 4k resolution monitors?", "looks like i need to upgrade my eyes..", "i use a 42inch computer screen less then 2 feet from my face...  i would see all the detail,  sad i'll have to wait for it to be within my price range for a good brand 42inch or higher.. thinking at least a few years at best.", "4k doesn't matter if the game assets aren't up to scratch.\n\nIt's just a resolution.\n", "I'd much rather see gamers push for 60 fps standard than 4k.", "I can't wait for it to become standard so that it becomes just another aspect of gaming instead of one that games revolve around.\n\n600 billion polygons and meshes look nice and all, but that shouldn't be the driving point of a game (see: Skyrim currently).", "its beginning to, just wait 5 years and 4k is the new 1080p", "So sad that a 4k monitor costs so much. :c", "Just to clarify.\n\nThe new consoles can't output native 4k since they don't have the neither  HDMI 2.0 nor Display Port outputs.\n\nBest they can do is upscaled 4k.", "Why does the Hitman guy's graphics look pretty terrible compared to everything else? ", "Just wait another console generation :(", "HAH. ", "I hate the term 4k. It just strikes me as a dumb marketing term trying to sound so much larger than 1080p.", "Where I work there's a 4k demo tv from Sony and honestly I really can't see much of a difference.", "Woah. I now want to play Rayman Legends.", "Can't wait for a graphics card that can run it, and screens that can have it and having the money to even think of it", "well for like 850 dollars you crank metro up so it looks like that... but we shouldn't talk about those machines.\n", "i dunno, some of those look better than i remember them being.  I was playing them in 1080p on max *shrug*.", "why not BF4?", "Can you upload these somewhere besides imgur?  They recompress images, especially large ones.", "Where can one buy a good quality 4k monitor? ", "I got to play bf4 and dirt 2 in 4k, i nearly came right there", "I want to see a 4k resolution of The Last of Us\n", "They can design the most beautiful, realistic landscapes gaming has ever seen yet they continue to be perplexed with how to make a soccer player not look like a mutant.", "These pictures are 1080...", "These are beautiful! *sheds single joyous tear", "Why didn't you just link directly to the minus gallery?", "Have you seen 4k first hand? It's not exciting.", "Did you know that scaling them down defeats the point of them being 4k?", "Scaled textures on my 1080p screen, the future is so futuristic I can't handle all this future. ", "The 3rd pic is metro 2033.. I know I've played that game about 5000 times...", "I as a PC gamer am not, 2560x1600 is already too much for my dual 6970s. And i'm done dropping money left and right on gpus to play games. I'm considering down grading to 1080p or similar smaller monitor for gaming, and keep the 30\" for photo work.", "What monitor and vga would one need to obtain 4k resolution? ", "Thank you, I now found wonderful backgrounds for my computer!", "So these games magically look better on 4k when i can actually view them in this really cool quality on my 1080p monitor. What did i miss?\n\n(and yes in general i also want 4k)", "Man, the new Rayman games look good on anything though. I have it on the Wii, and even on a non-HD console, that game is just beautiful.", "4K is going to become a standard and fucking no-one but rich fucks will be able to afford all the parts.", "The difficult thing to get used to with a 4k monitor is the mouse.  The distance of physical travel it would take to move a mouse all the way across a 1920x1080 screen now only takes the mouse 1/2 way across or half way down.  I have adjusted the sensitivity but then everything is smaller on the screen and the mouse movement is just...different.  It has been a little over a month with a 4k monitor and I will never go back but still the mouse takes getting used to...it's a huge desktop.\n", "Shiny! What size of textures are being used? What size is the Frame Buffer? ", "No Crysis 3 :'(", "These images are not 4k. Even if you select \"download full resolution\" they are still not 4k.", "[A reminder that 4K doesn't matter](http://www.hartware.de/media/reviews/1455/resolution_chart_big.png)\n\nI find it so amusing that 4k is talked about so much but matters so little and none of the consoles can support it, hell the ps4 which the internet thought was the best thing ever can barely support 1080p. ", "read article = 4k doesnt matter\n\ndownsample 4k on 1080p monitor = 4k matters\n\nplay games on native 4k monitor = holy shit\n\nps PCs w/ mid-high range GPUs can currently push much more than 1080p", "I know, my pc can push past 1080p too, just looking at a lot of these things, 4k simply doesn't matter. ", "It says that 4k on a ~30\" has benefits from the distance that most pc players play at. ", "1) The pictures aren't even 4k, they're 1080.\n2) How would I even appreciate 4k images when I'm using a 1080 monitor?\n\nDumb.", "I'd rather we were just allowed to have something for a while and enjoy it.", "Battlefield 3 gives you a glimpse [inside the NSA](http://i.imgur.com/goLBcaph.jpg) apparently...", "Why 4K? Most digital movie screens still aren't 4K (even though more and more films are actually shot at that resolution or better) and they're HUUUUGE compared to anything a typical gamer would have. Wouldn't I need a giant screen to even notice the difference?\n\nHell, 1080i/p hasn't been entrenched for very long. I didn't even get an HDTV until 2010. I don't have enough disposable income to drop on this shit.", "To answer your question...assuming they're playing on at least a 46+ inch screen, and you're roughly 5 -10 feet away, then it'll look really impressive. Sitting too far away, or too close, wouldn't make it look very good. 1080p is going to be a standard for quite a while as 4K TVs are the current premium, as the price tag would imply. Given time, it'll eventually become a more affordable standard.", "It's just that 4K being standard for TV's/monitors wouldn't only affect gaming. Television stations and their advertisers would have to adapt, and that took over a decade for HDTV. Blu-rays have a 1080p picture, so the whole optical disc format would have to be upgraded again (and plenty of people are reluctant to even upgrade their DVD's). And can you imagine trying to stream a 4K video? 1080p is bad enough for most internet connections in the U.S. ", "Completely agree...steaming would be a nightmare unless other technologies adapt. And TV stations and cable providers would take forever to get on the same page in order to provide 4K content", "PC gamer noob question, is 4K having to do with the monitor or something? I have an old one and it looks pretty good but not THAT good.", "4k because we need graphics more realistic than the outside world its self", "You'd go outside but the graphics suck?", "show me the GTAV screenshots OP", "Sorry if this is a stupid question. But how do you get 4k resolution? Is it a setting for newer games, or is it something else?", "I'm not even up to 1080p yet :'(", "The Tomb Raider shot climbing that pole actually made me nervous because I felt like I was up there....", "you hosted them on imgur...", "Let's hope your eyes and brain evolve so you can actually perceive all that detail when you're spinning around shooting at everything.\n\n", "Why the hell don't the Dead Space screenshots have any necromorphs in them? All I ever wanted was to see some stupid hi-def alien zombies. Is that so much to ask?", "Meh, I play on my 720p tv and I enjoy it just fine. I can see a small difference on nicer 1080 TVs but its not a big deal for me. ", "But my monitor's only 900p, and these screenshots still look better than anything I've ever played.", "They look exactly like regular HD images. If the benefits can only be seen on a gigantic TV or monitor, then who gives a fuck?", "I seriously thought one of those Dirt screenshots was an actual picture. Holy fuck.", "I get why 4K would be great for consoles, but for PC do you even notice better than 1080p on a monitor when it's so close to your face? \n\nEven for consoles, fuck 4K. There's so much more you could do with the game. It takes a fuck ton of power to make a better resolution. I'd rather that go to a better framerate. Gaming should be at 1080p 60fps and everything else should work within that framework with few exceptions. ", "We play a lot closer to the screen so yeah, it does make a difference.", "Man there have been so many good games in the last few years! It's really amazing.", "Mirrors edge with that high of a resolution almost seems like a headache.", "I can't wait for the the time in which someone edits every frame as I play in 4K*", "Upvoted for Metro: Last Light, that game needs more appreciation.", "1024 x 576", "Is it just me or does 4K make everything look like Uncharted 2?", "Good luck paying for the video card that can handle 4K.", "Why would 4k want to come mainstream? It forces other players to buy 1000 USD graphic cards! Only because games become badly optimized for lower end gaming PC when they focus on the higher ends. Look at all the new games which came out recently, their minimum requirements. Its absurd.", "In order for it to become mainstream people would have to be able to afford it.", "The power that costs like 250 now used to cost that much a few years back. Prices come down.", "Ugh, Garreth Bale looks even weirder.", "*sees bloodless, nice condition, well lit room in dead space 3*\nI CALL BULL", "If I see this title with the same album one more time.... I'm probably gonna still want one.", "These look too real to be real... ", "I wish game developers would keep this in mind when developing games for the next-gen consoles.  I would gladly trade some graphical detail in exchange for a stable framerate at a high resolution. ", "Not all of us are willing to spend $3500+ on a monitor.", "In the next decade this post will be just a memory of the what we thought was high definition. ", "I'll be happy when we get 4k monitors to cost less than 1$/pixel. (or some other joke about 4k being the price rather than resolution)", "I'm not excited about this, because of the Oculus Rift. Why worry about tiny tv's and monitors when you can have a larger than movie and 3D experience using the Oculus Rift?  \n  \nHigher res displays in it will be awesome though.", "4K is a resolution, a high resolution.\n\nYou can't start your post off saying you are not excited about high resolution (4K) then end with saying higher res is awesome...  Well you can, but it makes no sense.", "I was referring to higher res within the oculus rift - where it matters because you are literally right in front of a screen.", "ITT: people think 4k scaled down to 576 looks any different than the game on 576\n\nWhat do you think you are looking at here? Pixels overlapping? ", "These look cool. We'll need very powerful PCs to render next-gen games at 4K though. ", "PC has too much graphics!"]["For those wondering, no, the news did not include anything related to *Legend of Korra*.", "I was wondering. \"...Amon?...\"", "It was the main reason I clicked.\n\nMotherfucking Amon.", "cAMON I was hoping for something good. LoK game? Yes please.", "oh man, the amount of weeks i would spend on the bending arena.", "\"What...What are you?!\"", "Ah well, not much lost.\n\nIt's not as if Legend of Korra was good to begin with.\n\nedit: http://i.imgur.com/l1jQ8Dt.gif", "Lok is very good, S2 just ended and it had some of the best episodes out of both LoK and ATLA. ", "Seeing aang fight that blood bender was awesome ", "I think the best LOK episodes were the Wan ones.", "Yes!  Brought back old memories of the awesomeness of stylized animation like Samurai Jack!  Man... good times... good times.....", "&gt;S2 just ended \n\nWikipedia says there are a couple of episodes left of Book Two. ", "They released the last two episodes last week online. They air this friday on TV though.", "I see.", "I'll agree with you on the first book, but I found the second book to be genuinely worth watching.  It may not be as good as the series with Aang, but it was definitely entertaining.  If you haven't checked out the second book you should.", "Season 2 was out already!? Mathematical proofs can wait nick is calling", "The advertising for Book 2 was shit, as in hardly anyone knew it was coming out except for hardcore fans who keep track of that stuff.", "It isn't just out, it's done. All 14 episodes have been released.", "Reddit: unpopular opinion? *feel the wrath of my downvotes*", "Eh, it's not that bad. It just doesn't stack up to Avatar: The Last Airbender. ", "Opinions, opinions. ", "http://i.imgur.com/f9cwkLg.jpg. Possible spoilers if you haven't caught up. ", "So brave", "My first thought was ... is there going to be an open world, free running, assassin's creed-like game featuring Amon as he grew to become the terror of Republic city? I'd buy it!", "It grabbed the second guy to post in that threads avatar, Why didn't it grab OP's avatar?", "Reddit uses an algorithm to grab a suitable thumbnail for a link. I think it mostly looks at contrast. Unless the website uses something called opengraph to tag the image they want reddit to use, it doesn't really have a way of knowing what you would want it to pick.", "It usually grabs the largest picture for the thumbnail. ", "Now I'm sad we won't have an amazing Legend of Korra game :(", "Benders vs Equalists multiplayer type. ", "I'm still waiting for a battlefield style multiplayer game with the four nations plus the Equalists", "I would so play that!!\n\nI would be a Kyoshi warrior, and throw rocks with my fan.", "The Kyoshi warriors couldn't bend, though.\n\nThat was kind of the point, I felt. It showed the people (particularly women and girls) could still be powerful in the Avatar universe without bending. ", "Except Sokka.", "Sokka got badass when he trained under the swordmaster in the Fire Nation", "True, I think pre-sword he was still useful as well IIRC.\n\nBRB, re-watching all of TLA.", "I did that in two sittings. So worth the fucked up sleeping schedule", "It's going to get worse with four seasons of Legend of Korra, with 13 episodes on average per season that's over 43 hours of non stop Avatar with the original series included", "You're obviously not familiar with Wang Fire and his boomerang/swordsmanship skills.", "Don't diss Boomerang Boy..\n\nOr I'mma Sokka you..", "well. the first one could.. but yea.", "And I would be the [frothing mouth guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TURI6iDdbac) who uses his saliva to attack people.", "I'd play an immersive MMO set in the A:TLA / LOK universe..\n\nI'd play the shit out of it.  ", "Free-Roam GTA V style..", "You still have book three and four to look forward to since they were greenlighted ", "They had potential, both with ATLA and LoK, using the Kinect would be cool.", "How's the 2nd season? Not living in the US and not really having the time to watch the season sucks", "It was very good. Better than the first one overall I think. It features two amazing episodes (Beginnings part 1 and 2) that are actually as good as the height of Avatar: The Last Airbender. ", "That seems promising, have to make some time then. Thanks!", "However be warned there are parts of the finale that almost ruined it for me by taking me out of the moment due to ridiculousness/corniness:\nSPOILERS AHEAD. YE HAVE BEEN WARNED: Basically when big korra and big dark spirit fight and shoot chest beams at each other. Felt like a really weird neon gundam scene or something and made me giggle instead of go \"oh shit!\" like it seems it was supposed to.", "i thought the same, but i felt it was earned. it *SPOILERS* was the culmination of 10,000 years of waiting and a battle between the spiritual embodiment of evil versus the one spirit which has been in contact with the embodiment of good for the past 10,000 years. I was only sad that the landscape was not visibly changed by the event, i feel the last harmonic convergences were all likely even more dramatic.", "Dude, landscape not changed? SPOILERS the worlds are combined again, i'd say that's a big enough change. Don't make the poor people have to deal with a doubled population and brand new landscape lol.\n\n", "I think it would have been neat if when they were fighting against the mountain, it would get an indent in it or something. i mean consequences of the fight itself, it would seem thematically appropriate. A way to scar the city or landscape so that future generations would know something happened. that way it would really be a \"legend.\" ", "Ah, yes that I totally agree with. I was actually expecting a big building in republic city or the south poll to have been destroyed by the end, but guess not.\n", " The problem, for me anyway, was that [the tree](/spoiler) was never mentioned to have any sort of power before then, [other than as a convenient place to store Vattu's prison.](/spoiler) Then all of a sudden, [kaiju fight.](/spoiler)", "i do feel like they should have made some sort of explanation of it earlier. but at the same time, you could tell that everything in that area was somehow important. the tree was in the center of the entire spirit world, it clearly had greater power than they were letting on.", "You didn't like the impromptu DBZ session? I thought it was hilarious. ", "That was my problem, I found it funny, but the moment was an epic battle so laughing midway (a lot, I wasn't necessarily sober) kinda took me out of the show and moment.", "Ah that makes sense. I paused the show, turned to my roommate and sad \"This dude just got spirit bombed.\" and kept watching with a big stupid grin on my face. I too was inebriated ", "The last episode I saw was...um...the one where Korra meets Iroh.    Good episode, mostly.   I was bothered by Korra's stupid decisions, though I guess that's the point of the series.   You know, Korra making mistakes and growing through them.\n\nStill, though.   At the end of that episode it was like I was in an episode of MST3K.   \n\n\"Korra!  How did it go?\"  \n\n\"Yeah about that.   You know how I was supposed to close the Southern gate?  Well I kind of sort of opened the Northern one.  And also your daughter is probably dead.\"", "There's only four episodes after that, and they're on par with AtLA's finale. There are actually permanent consequences this time around instead of Deus ex Aang.", "Oh, no, I didn't stop watching because it annoyed me.  I know there are more, I just don't like the quality of the videos online, so I'm waiting for the rest to come out on hulu.  Slowly.  And out of order.\n\nAnd that's good to know.  It wasn't just Lion Turtle Ex Machina, they did it with the first season of Korra, too.  I can't help but feel that if it was on a different network, the first book would have ended with the murder-suicide and Korra falling into depression.  The following book would involve getting her bending back.  Lin would never regain hers, and her sacrifice wouldn't have been lessened.", "nick.com has them in HD", "Okay, thats just not true. Yes, they are fairly good, but not nearly as good as you describe. ", "Yes, those were pretty good but they are the first of the episodes (the rest of the season follows suit) to seriously clash with tlas lore. Maybe there's someone out there who got it all fit together in one giant headcanon, but if you only take what's in the show it completely overwrites tlas history with a lore that's not nearly as strong as the gradual change from subconsciously bending the spirit to learning from the respective animals how to consciously bend the elements.", "Well, the lion turtles all vanish at some point, right?\n\nEveryone thinks they're gone.\n\nIs it possible that at some point bending is...forgotten?  Or that someone pisses off the lion turtles so much that they leave and take bending with them?\n\nThat would allow for people to relearn bending on their own by following the example of the respective bending...masters.  Long after bending is largely forgotten by humanity.\n\nI dunno, they haven't addressed in the show yet, but there are a couple books left. ", "Pretty good so far (havent seen the finale yet).", "Finale came out. It's on nick.com also out Friday. ", "Since no one is *answering the damn question* the new season is really, super rad. Without ruining it, there isn't a cop-out or anything at the end. Consequences are had.", "Just saw the finale. **DUDE IT WAS FUCKING EPIC!!!**", "It's good, but the episodes 1 through 6 can be skimmed through. There's some awesome moments, but the momentum doesn't pick up until Beginnings 1 and 2. \n\nIf you just want to skip episodes 1 though 6:\n[All that really happens is that Unalaq is takes over the Southern Water Tribe (he's the Northern Water Tribe chief), Korra is very rash, dark spirits are attacking, and there are portals at the north and south that can be used to enter the spirit world. The South was opened by Korra. Varrick is a ridiculously rich business guy who helps Team Avatar, yet he is profitting off of the civil war started by Unalaq, Korra ditched Tenzin as her spiritual guide for Unalaq (who can calm spirits with waterbending), Bolin is now a movie star (called, \"movers\") in Varrick's propaganda films, Mako breaks up with Korra, Asami doesn't really do much, and episode 7 starts after Korra escapes to the Fire Nation looking for help to fight Unalaq in the SWT, but she gets ate by an ocean Dark Spirit and has amnesia.](/spoiler)", "People are saying it's better, but I found it, at most, half as good as the first.", "What made it worse? No spoilers if possible ;)", "Book 3 will focus on Lin Beifong and the earth kingdom and will most likely air with a significantly shorter wait, probably in the spring. There's some news for you.", "So...they're *not* taking out bending?", "Thank you I_AM_A_IDIOT_AMA, I was just about to ask.", "dammit\n", "You just saved many people like me time from reading through that. We thank you", "Are you SUUUUURE?", "Book 3 Amon is alive. This time, yes he is scarred from that boat explosion. And he is mad. Like boulder mad. :) Anyone remember the boulder. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6c1hyFGY3Y", "Personally, I'll always like TLA better.\n\nMaybe it's a case of nostalgia, but TLA was the shit.", "wtf is Legend of Korra?????\n", "A TV show, sequel to *Avatar: The Last Airbender*, which is also a TV show. Both excellent shows. The movie adaptation is fucking terrible, though.", "what the.... hell..... does that have to do with Half life or black mesa? am i missing something?", "The thumbnail is of Amon, one of the show's primary antagonists.", "OOHHHHH because of the avatar! i wonder why it chose that for the thumbnail.", "&gt; When we got on greenlight, we were forced to move to another engine. Right now, **we can't tell you what that engine is due to our licensing agreement.** Being on this new engine allows us to change how the engine works, modify tools, etc; things we plain and simply cannot do for the free version.\n\nHalf-life^3 engine confirmed", "That's what really stuck out to me too, what else would they be porting it to but Source2?", "I always assumed they delayed HL3 for the same reasons James Cameron delayed Avatar.", "That's basically what the voice actor guy said a few months back. That HL3 was being held up by technical issues. Valve is trying to develop technology to seamlessly combine motion captured animation with manual animation and it's taking a lot longer than expected.", "So LA Noire faces + realistic body movements?", "I think it's more along the lines of fully interactive motion capture. Motion cap a scene once and in real-time it can modify itself in response to in-game events by the player or other NPCs, whereas before you'd have to motion capture everything separately.\n\nThis is completely different than LA Noire. That was simply advanced motion capture technology. It's just as static and non-interactive as other mocap technologies though.", "Oh.  Wow.  Nifty.  Can't wait to see that come to fruition.", "Makes sense why they're waiting to get it right though. They were doing  the episodes thing for a while, but the games just weren't having that \"wow\" factor that HL1/2 had. Don't get me wrong, they were all great, but nothing is better than just being amazed by a game, even if it takes a long time. ", "The episodes were a total failure because gabe had wildly unrealistic expectations for their development time. He thought that a game 1/4th as long would take 1/4th as long to make when in reality it was more like 3/4th. He said there'd be an episode every 6 months, lol.", "Their timescale was off but it's hard to call Half-Life 2 and Episodes 1 and 2 anything but successes because it's the quality of them that's fueling the hype around 3.", "HL2 came out in November 2004. HL2: EP2 didn't come out until October 2007\n\nTwo 5-7 hour long games developed in 3 years is hardly a success, especially when Gabe was expecting 6 month development cycles. The fact HL2:EP3 was canned is absolute proof the episodic content model was a failure.\n\nAnd seriously...the EPISODES are fueling the hype around 3? I think you forgot that Half-Life and Half-Life 2 are two of the highest rated and most beloved games ever made.", "Gabe definitely has been known to have unrealistic expectations about development times. HL2 September 2003 anyone?", "It's known as [Valve Time](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Valve_Time)", "I hope for source2 NPCs have all there organs and bones so inflicted damage looks real and non linear. ", "no man... think... realistically flaccid penises.\n\nYOU LAUGH. Just wait. ", "For some reason that actually makes me more ready to wait for it to be right.", "A newer version of Source1, just like Stanley Parable and Dear Esther had to when they went retail, and like how No More Room in Hell had to when  it got a standalone release through steam.\n\nEdit: It should also be noted that the long porting time should not be taken as an indication that they are swapping engines:   \n[Dear Esther](http://www.littlelostpoly.co.uk/my-retrospectivepost-mortem-on-dear-esther/) took about 6 months, when they had only been expecting the porting to be a [couple of weeks](http://www.littlelostpoly.co.uk/porting/).   \nNo More Room in Hell was about 13 months from the time it was greenlit to the time they got on Steam and you should take into consideration that they had a playable build available to the public at the time they were greenlit.", "So... Portal 2 build of Source? ", "Not necessarily; I'm going to take the BM guys on their word that it is an engine they can't actually talk about. However if I was going to make a bet, I'd put my money on a new, but so far unannounced iteration of the existing engine (ie: Source2014.)", "I'm just saying that those games are using the P2 engine. At least Stanley Parable, not sure about the others. ", "Oh, right. You're correct, Stanley, Esther and NMRIH are all on the Portal 2 version of Source.", "You probably right.... but I'd like to think that as this is a commercial release of a remake of half life 1, a game that today turned 15 today, was the game that started Valve, and a release they were \"unable to talk about until now\".. surely valve will allow for something special. With such a massive gap without a half life game, this could be a great way to give some momentum of interest to the franchise and maybe even allow for source 2 to get some real world testing in some limited form at least", "&gt; That's what really stuck out to me too, what else would they be porting it to but Source2?\n\nSource3 they got tired of ending with 2", "Careful, I can only handle so many 3s at once!", "please don't be shit, please don't be shit, please don't be shit\n\nif they would just bring hammer into this fucking millennium, or move away from a hacked-together mod of the quake engine, maybe source would be relevant again", "If this is true, I assume that means it won't debut until HL3 does. I assume this because if Valve is making a new engine, they would probably want to showcase it in the best way possible, like they did with Source in HL2 (although, I guess they did release Counter Strike Source before HL2 didnt they).", "Valve has always been a huge supporter of the modding community, as noted in the fully supported \"Garry's Mod\" currently running on the orange box engine. Black Mesa to me, is one of the most beautifully done mods... simply put, ever, for any game. It encompasses the entirety of Half Life 1 and more. What better way to simultaneously support the modding community, release for what all sake and purposes is Half Life 1 2.0, and their new monster of a game Half Life 3, all in one juicy swing of brilliance. They had my curiosity before, but now they have my attention.", "&gt; It encompasses the entirety of Half Life 1\n\nExcept for you know, the ending of the game.\n\n", "I bet the retail version does feature the ending... Somehow...", "Retail?\n\nEdit: He corrected it.  I forget what it was now.", "&gt; Black Mesa has been given the opportunity to be sold as a retail product on Steam! \n\nFrom the link OP posted. ", "He made a typo, I don't remember what it was originally.", "HL 1, 2 and 3 so people who haven't played HL can experience the full story?", "*cough* ricochet *cough*", "Anyone know which version of Source Titanfall runs on?  If it's the same one, it may also play into release timings.", "Probably the newest version of Source 1 which would be the one made for Portal 2. I doubt it's using Source 2.", "Wouldn't the newest version of source be the CS:GO engine?", "And Dota 2.", "It's not source 2.", "But they stated in the original post\n\n&gt;Our decision to sell Black Mesa rests on two key points. One is we believe we can make the game even better by having full access to the Source engine. This lets us tackle and fix limitations instead of working around them. The second is because frankly, our team could really use the financial help.\n\nThis makes it sound like they're still using some version of the Source engine. (not Source2 imo, it's probably not even 100% complete yet)\n\n(but instead of only having access to what the SDK allows you to modify, they have licensed the entire engine from Valve.)", "I'm guessing that they just weren't using the latest Source2 code at the time, unless there have been changes since or soon to be which they're building for.", "Yea, frankly I don't see how anything else could be meant by this. There was a newer version of the source engine (the portal 2 version) than the one used for Black Mesa, but I don't see why it would need to be a secret that they are using the Portal 2 version of the Source engine.", "I came here to say something like, 'porting to a new engine? How could you possibly even think of porting a Half-Life game to anything other than Source,' completely missing the part that you bolded.  **THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING**", "This is super important and crazy, it is like some spoiler of the future!\n\nAs noted below, forced to move from source ???\nIt is called black mesa: source ffs :)", "&gt;It is called black mesa: source ffs :)\n\nNo, it isn't. It hasn't been \"Black mesa: Source\" for at least 4 years now. For legal reasons Valve put a cease and desist on the use of the Source branding, but allowed Black Mesa to continue using their existing URL.\n\nAlso, that doesn't even matter because it isn't Source2. It is just a newer version of Source 1, which is exactly in line with what was expected of other \"Retail\" mod releases such as Dear Esther, Stanley Parable and No More Room and Hell.", "If it was just a new version of Source 1, why would they have to keep it a secret?", "If it was Source 2, why would Valve even allow them to state they're using a \"new\" engine. It isn't much of a secret when they are allowed to say that they have a secret, and also state the general context of the secret, enough for people to extrapolate this wild speculation.", "Touche. Still doesn't really explain why they had to keep it a secret if it's Source 1.", "Because it is not necessarily a version of Source 1 that the public has seen yet. Valve is constantly updating the engine with new features and there could possibly be some new features in the build Black Mesa is using that have not been formally announced.", "Source 2 engine you mean?  If so, this is gigantic news", "I doubt it. Why? Because why would someone who's tight enough with Valve to get early developer access to Source 2, need to use Greenlight to get on Steam? That makes no sense. Greenlight is for lesser known devs with no connections to be able to get on Steam otherwise.", "As far as I know, Black Mesa was planning to release on Steam as a free HL2 mod when they completely finished it. Valve happened to start Greenlight around the same time BM released part 1 of the mod, so putting it on Greenlight made sense as a first step to securing a Steam release. Valve has always been supportive of BM, so I'd assume they're the ones who proposed the idea of turning it from a mod into a full fledged game. Considering BM is essentially a Valve game, it's no surprise they would want it to be as good as it can, which is one of the reason why they would give them BM team full access to the latest Source version.", "Now let's see what comes out first HL3 or Last Guardian. \n\nEDIT: I just looked it up and it has almost been a decade since the last Half Life game. That's crazy.", "I was kinda sad that this had **nothing** at all to do with Half Life.", "Except that this game is a modernized version of Half-Life, sure...", "I was kinda sad that this had **nothing** at all to do with Half Life.", "Thanks for telling us Amon...I guess?", "If you actually read through the posts, you'd see they might have just confirmed the Source 2 Engine.", "Uh, no. They merely said they're using a new engine. That has zero implications of it being Source 2, just a different engine they're using. ", "Black mesa is with the equalists?", "http://i.imgur.com/xWSkM.png", "Well, one and two equals to.. Mesa i guess?", "/r/misleadingthumbnails", "Huh...I should have known this would be a thing.", "Congrats, the long years of work on this certainly deserve some sort of benefit! Big stuff!", "After playing Black Mesa I can't even imagine how awesome Xen will be.\nNow when they've mentioned that it's on a new engine I'm even more intrigued.", "I'll willingly pay for it as long as the price is reasonable. This clearly took a lot of hard work and was highly appreciated by many, including me. Getting to play it on Source 2 (I assume) - bonus.", "I'll pay 30 bucks if I have to, they deserve it", "I had been waiting for Black Mesa since day one and from the bits and pieces they have released over the years I never would have thought it would turn out to be more than just an average mod. I never experienced a bug until the end and I had so much fun, that I really hoped at some point the team could work on HL3 too.", "Agreed. It took them the time, but it was a triple-A experience and it didn't require the nostalgia to be worth playing at all.", "Only bugs I experienced were some gaps if you swim around in the water by the dam and some graphical trouble during the final fight, which was probably my computer's problem. From the rest you'd have no idea it was a mod. Even the voice acting matched up pretty close to the original.", "The only issue i found was the overkill on med packs around. I was never below 60hp, at least not for very long. Maybe this was present in the original game, but I didn't find it as challenging as the original. (Yes I could have left them but... ocd and all that.)\n\nStill a fantastic experience overall!", "Yah I didnt have any bugs my entire playthrough either. It was a good game and seemed very true to the series.", "Hmm.. 15 years since Half-life?\n\n1+5 is 6?\n\n6/((1+5)(5)/((1+1)(5)))=3?\n\nIt is confirmed that CoD: Ghosts is not good.", "6/((6)(5)/(2)(5)) = 6/(30/10) = 6/3 = 2\n\nHow about 15*1/5?", "DOWN WITH THE BENDER ELITE", "You'll never win, damn Equalist bastards", "Thought I was on /r/TheLastAirbender for a second there  :P", "I thought so as well for a little while, but then again nothing is hurt by a little inclusion of the Avatar series, [here](http://i.minus.com/iP6Q4PKao36Ol.gif), have a bending gif", "Is it just me, or is bending in TLoK a lot less epic-looking than in TLA?", "I'm almost positive it's just you", "I guess it was true for the first season, but they very much stepped up the ante in season 2, at least in my opinion, the finale was so full of epic scenes, [Unalaq fighting against Korra](/spoiler) was very well done and comparable with Aang's fight with Ozai, just [with Ozai as a waterbender](/spoiler)\n\nThen you have [the final moments in the fight between Vaatu and Wan which perhaps has the most epic bending sequence ever](/spoiler) [spoiler link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0FughEGqX4)", "\nI think the bending in LoK looking \"less epic\" makes sense when you compare the characters that were in the two shows.\n\nNearly every major,  or minor character in TLA that could bend were some of the best in the world. For example, you had characters that, invented new sub-categories of bending ([Toph, and Hama](/spoiler)), or  had some sort of special power (Sparky-Sparky-Boom-Man). Then you had characters like Azula who was a child prodigy,  or Bumi who had 100 years of experience.\n\nCompare that to the people that are around Korra.  Mako, and Bolin are just normal people,  as are the other pro-benders, and the Equalists use technology instead of bending. Not counting Korra [Tenzin,  Lin,  Amon, Unalaq and his twins](/spoiler) are really the only master benders that are in the show. \n", "True, I wonder if a part of it is that it's more modern in a sense as well.\n\nAlso, would Azula's lightning be considered a sub-category, or just an improved firebending? Been awhile, so I don't remember if they explained it that much.", "It's mostly the fact that these characters aren't really \"masters\" per se, but they get the job done. It's also important to know that modernization plays a big role in diminishing traditional bending styles and such (you can see it when they pro-bend, it's really a type of boxing).", "Thank you kindly, traveller!", "Dat telecine... ugh.  Western TV rippers could learn a thing or two from fansub groups.", "Whats wrong with it?", "fuckin thought it was the one", "You have my support and my money.  Gabenspeed.", "Too slow.", "Double Gabenspeed!", "FASTER!", "HAVE YOU NO RESPECT FOR THE NEXT NUMBER?", "Double Gabenspeed, Episode 1", "Meesa 60% off, Ani!", "1.....2.........uhhhhhh......", "Dude this is amazing!  Ill buy the shit o ut of it.", "Don't tell the mods Half-Life is 15 years old, they still think that PC gaming started with Steam.", "Don't taint the mods good name, you could get banned!", "Payment is fine.  Expect my money.", "I was REALLY hoping the news was a bad Amon joke", "So, Blakc Mesa, the Half Life remake we deserved, is going official!?!?", "Basically, maybe it will get added to Half-Life: Anthology.", "\"Deserved\"? Half-Life: Source was a tech demo, nothing more. It was to show how easily GoldSrc assets could be ported into Source, not to be a proper remake.", "Black Mesa Source is complete remake of Half-Life.\n\n", "What /u/aveilleux was trying to say was that Half-Life: Source *wasn't* a remake, hence there was no need to qualify Black Mesa as the one we deserved.", "Thanks for clarifying!", "Uh.... Yeah. I'm aware. I said Half-Life: Source, not Black Mesa.", "He is confused (as am I) about why you brought up Half-Life: Source in the first place.", "http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qzn3t/happy_15th_birthday_halflife_we_here_at_black/cdidfwh?context=2", "Ah. Gotcha. I didn't realize anyone thought Half-Life: Source was a remake. The \"deserved\" comment make much more sense now.", "That misunderstanding is actually why Black Mesa exists", "Well that's impressive, but not altogether surprising given Valve's history of supporting (and even hiring) mod makers. I'll throw down for it.", "I wouldn't be surpised if Valve hired them on to do Blue Shift and Opposing Force, also.\n\nPersonally, I thought OpFor was the best of the original three campaigns. It really personified what seemed like an unlikable foe, and made you really consider their point of view as viable, where as from Gordon, they seemed like soulless monsters.", "how did Toph met her husband\n\n\na blind date", "TL:DR HL3 confirmed", "This might actually be the case now...", "There's no way it's coming out for Mac is there?", "It is certainly possible that it will end up being released for Linux and/or Mac. The free version runs on the Source engine and there are many examples of that working well outside of the Windows world. \n\nGiven that Valve is apparently backing this project now (seems like they'd have to be in order for Black Mesa to be a for-purchase game), it is fairly likely that it will become a multi-platform game in the near future. \n\nIt does not look like the free version was planning to support Mac: http://wiki.blackmesasource.com/General_FAQ#Will_Black_Mesa_be_ported_to_Xbox360.2C_Mac_or_another_platform.3F but with this announcement that may change.", "I was so bummed when I was following the countdown clock for it on BM's website. I hope they actually release the mac version with this release. ", "Y'now, it's not that hard to install a windows partition. Just gonna throw that out there.", "Its not that its hard, it just doesn't work nearly as well. I did it to skyrim and it played like shit\n", "I game in half hour to 45 minute bursts, interspaced with internetting and doing actual things that need done in Pro Tools. I don't wanna reboot every time I wanna play a round of TF2, or a few turns of Civ, or make progress in Halflife. Sure, a windows partition is easy, but it's obnoxious to use. I had one a while ago and dumped it pretty quickly. Too annoying.", "It's not hard, but then I have to reboot into windows, where all of my settings, utilities, other programs I use, bookmarks, etc have to be transferred, redownloaded, and/or replaced, and I don't have access to a number of my drives that are formatted for HFS+.\n\nNo, windows isn't as practical an alternative as so many people seem to claim it is when your entire machine has been configured and burned in (from a software perspective) to run an entirely different OS.", "The original free version didn't support OS X or Linux because it targeted a version of the SDK that was not available for either platform.", "They have said that are porting it to a new valve engine that they can't talk about right now. Valve have said that all new software will support OS X and Linux so this new engine will run on OS X and Linux.", "yay, maybe an official version for mac?", "I don't get it.  It's a game that's freely available and they're going to put it up on Steam for a fee.  How do you compete with free?", "Because people who like the game want to support the developers?? You could say the same about any game. AC4 may have just come out on PC today, but it will be \"freely available\" within a week on every torrent site.", "Black Mesa was already released as a free mod to Half Life 2. I too have no idea why somebody would want to pay money for what I am guessing will be little more than a polished up version of a remake.\n\nEdit:halo to half life", "Halo 2 :)\n\nHave you heard of humble bundles?  Kickstarter?  People that have money to spare LOVE to support devs of games they love.\n\nIf you can't understand that...", "Shit I don't have any money to spare, but I still love to support games I'm interested in", "&gt; However, the Steam version will include features that the free version simply can not have.", "I think you mean half life 2...\n\nAnd again, to support the developers. Same reason I don't pirate every game I play. You sound like the type of person who only pays 1 cent for Humble Bundles, because why would someone want to pay more for something when they can get it for 1 cent?", "Geez Louise. I've never even bought a humble bundle.", "The HL2-mod version of it plays and looks fantastic, they did an incredible job on it. What a steam-store version does is allow them to actually change things in the Source engine to do things they otherwise could never do. ", "For the same reason that someone would pay for the DayZ Standalone over the DayZ mod.\n\nThey have full access to the engine now, and aren't limited anywhere near as much as they were before. The difference is that they now have an independent and standalone *game* rather than a simple (but fantastic) mod.", "The free version will remain free and is even being improved.  They are also adding a paid version which adds features they can't use in the free version (due to engine licensing stuff and stuff like that).", "Look at Path of Exile. There are people who have literally spent 1000s of dollars on that game just to support it's continued development.", "Great example. A year ago I did the $50 support package. Haven't played much since because I've been busy but I have no regrets. Similarly I've played through Black Mesa for free but I still would throw them a bone to support them.  ", "The very first post says that the pay version will have more features of some unspecified sort.", "Look, Black Mesa had a lot of problems. The AI was almost superhuman at times. The optimization is really terrible. Allowing the devs to put more time and money into the project is going to be really helpful.", "The paid version will have more features because with it they're allowed more control over the engine.", "By being so good that even after playing the free version, you want to buy the retail one in order to support the developers.", "Yet another PC triumph. ", "This was a triumph.", "I'm making a note here, huge success!", "This is great news. I eagerly awaited Black Mesa to come out and it was even better than I expected. It's an amazing effort and I couldn't have been happier when I finally got to play it. I knew about a minute into the tram ride it was going to be great. ", "That is fuckin' SWELL.\n\nCan we expect any Linux support in the future for the paid version?", "Given that this seems to be moving to the new Source engine (which runs on Linux and Valve wants to push Steam OS) I'm going to guess yes.", "Nooooo! Lin! ruuuun!\n\n Save us Korra! Save us!", "Great news! This is a fantastic day for the world of PC gaming!", "I love Black Mesa. It's an amazing product, and I'm all for seeing the devs getting some money for their hard work.\n\nBut was there big news other than \"we're now selling the product\"? Like I said, good for them, and good on the people who will buy it to support it. But this is something for the devs to celebrate, not the consumers.", "Agreed, kind of a weird announcement to make.", "Did you read the post carefully?  First of all the current free release will continue to be free.  One of the advantages of making it a paid game is access to more of the Source engine allowing them to do more things with Black Mesa than they are currently able to do.", "No, I read it, and of course I don't expect them to make an announcement saying \"take backsies\". The details about the engine upgrade seem pretty incidental, though. The big announcement was that they'll be selling it on Steam. And that's a weird thing to announce to fans. I don't care that they're selling it - in fact, I'm glad of it, because they deserve something for their great work. It's big news for their team. But I don't get why they are announcing it as \"big news\" to us.", "They seem to be saying that because of the deals they made they'll be able to make a much better game than they would have just making a free mod.", "So is the game complete now? When I played it I was dissapointed to find out it ended before the ending.", "No. They specifically said in the post that the Xen stages are a ways off. ", "Ah. Thanks. I didn't read through it I just scanned it for info and missed that part.", "and by way off he means atleast 5 more years", "I'll never forgive myself for missing out on the chance to do some voice acting for BM:S.", "If it has extra content not included in the free version, will support mods and have a multitude of other cool things noone should have a problem with them going paid. Plus, the free version contains all levels up to xen which is awesome! \n\nCalling it now, BM:S, Deathmatch :D\n\nAnd after looking further it appears that Source 2 engine might be powering BM:S Steam!", "THAT MEANS IT'S ON ITS 3rd 5 year interval\n\nHalf Life 3 comfirmed", "HL3 confirmed", "This is a fortuitous day for the sharing of PC news!", "[deleted]", "Better get it before it goes 4.99.", "didn't you read they will have a free version at the same time ?", "What if these dudes become like the official valve remake crew? Remaking games x amount of years after they are released for the new generation? ", "Then we ought to see the Portal remake some time in 2023?", "Thank you for making this awesome remake. I played the unfinished version and loved it just as much as the original. I can't wait to see Xen when it comes out on Steam.", "Were we not expecting Half-Life 3?", "You should leave the game to be totaly free and make some way for fans to pay as much they want to support you guys. I think you will get more finacial helpthis way than if you release it with price. ", "OKay, so if it wasn't made for the money, please don't have that shit on Steam for 20.\n\nBtw, I loved HL1, best game ever. Black Mesa is awesome. :)", "Holy shit that's awesome news. I was checking it out a week or so ago when I was playing HL2. I was going to wait for Xen but I think an initial Steam release is a good time to check it out.", "Wow, they are still leaving the free version available and updating it even after it goes up for sale. Basically giving us an option to support them or not if we want? \n\nCongrats to these guys and I hope that they are rewarded for their hard work and dedication even further than they already have been", "I'd buy the crap out of this.", "Well deserved. A fantastic mod, which I almost felt guilty playing for free.", "So we're going to have to pay for an ending we already played?", "3x5=15, 15%5= 3, This is a sign, Half-life 3 confirmed.", "mac version? :D", "I'm a bit of an idiot here, so if I sound like one, don't down-vote, just help me out.\n\nDoes Black Mesa Source use image-based rendering for its backgrounds? I saw a screenshot and it looked like at least part of the background was actual terrain and the other was just an image. It combined and mixed very well for a beautifully made \"skybox\". ", "It doesn't use skyboxes any differently from any other game...", "I'm going to ask the obvious question: When the game is completed, will I have to buy it so that I can complete Xen and the story? ", "So, Mac version????  ", "they haven't even started work on xen?", "/r/misleadingthumbnail", "\"Never developed with money in mind. Never wanted to make a profit.\"\n\n\"Will be sold for a *relatively* low price.\"\n\nWat", "I'll buy it the day it's released!", "I have never played HL1 or 2. I feel like I am missing out on something big", "Half-Life 3 CONFIRMED!", "I would really love for this to be released as DLC on xbox live, too. I would like even more for it to be on a disc, but I seriously doubt that will ever happen. =/", "Changed Engine? Source 2?", "Is this legal?  Isn't it technically Valve's content that they're selling?", "Valve is the one telling them they can sell so it's legal.", "I squeed like a little girl after i read this.", "Fuck yeeeeah!", "Black Mesa was the best game of 2012 in my opinion, my wallet is ready.", "I share the same birth year as half life! Be jealous of this hormonal 15 year old!", "Shut up and take my money.\n\n(since I've already played your efforts for free &amp; feel you deserve it) ", "Can someone order me and my mom a pizza...", "Awesome news, although I think I can safely say that many of us figured you'd eventually get an offer from Valve. Great job, can't wait to see it up for purchase! Do you have an ETA?", "Why is Amun from LOK there?", "Source^3 confirmed.", "Who else thought the big news was Half Life 3 Confirmed", "Ctrl-F \"half-life 3\", was very disappointed. ", "&gt;Half Life 3 confirmed\n\n&gt;People care more about the misleading thumbnail\n\nDon't ever change /r/gaming &lt;3", "&gt; To be totally honest however, Xen is still a ways off. Over the past year, we have spent a HUGE amount of time porting the game to a new engine and fixing hundreds of bugs.\n\nThis was the only thing I cared about when I saw this post. Disappointed.", "So, now that they have monetary support, will it take them 8 years to finish Xen or 6?", "You want to hear something really strange? I never played any of the Half-Life games, but I had a dream last night about the release of Half-Life 3. It had a release date of May 5th, but then I noticed that there was something else released on May 21st, in the dream I assumed it was an update for the game, but maybe that could've been the release date being moved or maybe something like Black Mesa. I don't believe in predicting the future like this without having the right data, but I find it weird that I never played these games nor really follow the news, and then it turns out I had this dream on Half-Life's birthday with this big news of a possibly new Source engine coming out. It would be crazier if I got a date correctly just by chance.", "I would pay full retail price if they charged it. Cant wait till its all finished and released.", "To this day I'm still amazed Black Mesa came out.", "\"However, the Steam version will include features that the free version simply can not have.\" - Amon is not pleased as this is not equality. ", "THREE syllables in Black Mesa\nHalf-Life 3 confirmed.", "So is it going to be the full Half Life game or just what we got in the free version?", "1+5= 6, there are two digits in 15, 6/2=3. HALF LIFE THREE CONFIRMED!!!", "Now I'm starting to realize why they held back those Xen levels.", "I'm glad to see this. I tried to download Black Mesa about 3 weeks ago. The first attempt, I had to register with the download site only to find out the link didn't work. Two subsequent attempts at different sites gave expected download times of 10+ hours. I decided to try the torrent instead and because I only have utorrent on my laptop it's still not done 3 weeks later. ", "Take this one instead: http://www.chip.de/downloads/Black-Mesa_57528457.html\nHave fun!", "So, this is a dry run. Valve is testing these guys.\n\nIf the game sells well they will be hired to produce HL2 EP3.\n\nMark my Fooking words m8.", "How awesome would it be to have all 3 Half-Life games and the 2 episodes on one disc...", "Half Life 3 Confirmed.", "Not allowed in /r/gaming ; it's a PC game.", "Yeah, after buying Killing Floor I refuse to pay for a glorified mod. No thanks.", "...what just happened? I get the feeling a million profit grabbing corporations cried out in unison, and were suddenly silenced", "This gives me a serious PChub.", "That is not a thing.", "Happy 15th birthday of a generic shooter everyone!", "How exactly is it a generic shooter in any respect?", "Well I would ask you, what about it was unique? ", "The story, the characters, developed factions, the presentation, immersion, intuitive puzzle system\n\nI could go on. I will admit it is rather overrated but picture yourself living in the time it was released, and you would go ballistic over it. ", "That is just wrong. If you remake a game for the experience, fine. But don't ask money for a cheap rip off of another game. If anything ever deserved the term rip off, then this. \n\nNot gonna spend money on this till Hell freezes over. If I want to play Half Life, I am gonna play Half Life.\n\nAnd yeah, I am prepared for your stupid down votes. My body is ready.", "Cheap rip off? try loving recreation of a classic game. Valve rather than sending a cease and desist have instead encouraged this because they understand the value of a community. ", "How can it be a rip off when it is Valve backed?", "...What?", "Reading comprehension just isn't your thing, is it?"]["Plot twist: OP's son is mentally disabled", "Haha. That would have been inappropriate but funny as hell.\n", "A cake?", "He meant because of the brain damage...", "*drain bamage", "I know that. I wasn't sure what I was looking at and took the first chance I could to find out what this was. ", "Yep, its a cake.", "Depicting possible brain damage.....", "Please, do tell, how I am suppose to figure that out at first glance while browsing r/gaming? ", "Chill out man, it's just a joke. No need to get upset.", "That's quite a username.", "A joke at my expense. And all I did was ask a simple question while using words that could only depict myself as being calm. I guess questioning is the new cursing. ", "Are... Are you lying?", "Not this time.", "Yeah I figured after perusing the comments, good job.", "And it's not even his birthday", "No, the cake is a lie.", "What a way to break the news.\n\n(I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that but this little voice in the back of my mind told me to. ^^please ^^don't ^^hate ^^me!)", "Using my turret voice, *I don't hate you*", "The eye was a taplight. I removed the bulb and colored it blue with a marker. It was a very cool effect!\n", "So....you're saying it's not edible :(", "It was very edible. The coat hanger prongs were just a prop poked into the cake for the handles. We removed them before eating the cake.", "The taplight was easily removable as well. Plenty of cake was had by all.", "But doesn't fondant taste nasty? What did you use for the inside?", "The inside is dark chocolate cake with buttercream frosting. Its just covered in fondant. As for the taste of fondant, its just melted marshmallows mixed with powdered sugar, so imagine what that would taste like. Its the texture of fondant that throws people but it makes good looking cakes.", "Not all fondant is melted marshmallows, but that kind's the good kind! Sounds tasty!", "Thats true, I make it the marshmallow way because its cheap and easy.", "Fondant is too sweet for most people, when I worked as a decorator we had a \"no fondant rule\" aside from gum-paste flowers or figurines. ", "I can't believe this hasn't been asked yet... recipe?? Also how do you get the prongs to float like that? What kind of frosting do you use?", "I used a dark chocolate cake recipe that has coffee in the ingredients. Its really good. For the prongs I cut and bent a coat hanger and the covered it in black and white fondant. The cake has buttercream frosting under the fondant. It was tasty.\n", "Is this the PC version?    ", "yes, i think it should be pointed out that OP had the PC version of Portal in mind when they did this", "Is there a difference, I've only played the PC version", "Yeah dude, the textures!", "And the taste.", "It *is* cross platform, who can tell. I put my bets on a PS3", "http://www.portal2sounds.com/1986#p=2", "That precedes one of my [favorite quotes of all time](http://www.portal2sounds.com/1956#q=damage).", "[The only  appropriate reaction for that cake.](http://i.imgur.com/f9FW2.gif)", "*It's", "SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE", "not a PC post \n\nupvote for you", "That's awesome! ", "Can you be my dad?", "But don't be alarmed, OK? Although, if you *do* feel alarmed, try to hold onto that feeling, because that is proper reaction, to being told, that you have brain, damage.", "Nice to see a Portal post without a ton of people going \"DAE le Portal\" or somesuch.", "DAE le Portal", "Dammit, Carl.", "Expected minecraft. Was happily suprised.", "That's awesome and all but this goes against the rules, the mods are such hypocrites", "I considered posting in one of the many cake subreddits but unless you know the character, it falls flat. ", "Don't mind these guys, there's a circle jerk going on the moment in protest of one of the mods. It's nice to see a post on here that isn't just about pissing off said mod.", "Yeah I was ignoring them! Thanks!", "Oh, is that what all of the GAEMING PC MASTAR RACE stuff is about?", "To be fair, they are being [massive cunts](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qyeeb/browsing_the_internet_on_a_pc_in_garrys_mod_while/cdhwz9e).", "But he's not wrong though... It's really unfair to just say it's a circejerk and just dismiss what he's saying. He just yet again pointing out the extremely weird and biased rules that are applied in a very telling favor. \n\n**Submissions must be directly gaming-related. Memes are allowed as long as both the image and the text are gaming related. Something that \"reminds you of a game\", or \"looks like something from a game\" is not an allowable submission;**", "In this case it is a clear reference to a game. Characters from video games are clearly game related. What they mean by \"Reminds you of a game\" and \"Reminds you of something from a game.\" Would be things like a bunch of pots in a store or a guy with a mustache that looks like Mario. In this case, a cake featuring an actual character from Portal 2 (Wheatley), accompanied by an actual in game quote is completely permissible.", "I see where you're coming from, but then it proves the circlejerk's point even more. Even rule number one is vague and can be applied in any way they want. I wasn't playing dumb, you and me interpreted it differently and I agree yours seems to be what they mean by it.", "Ya again this is really cool and I am glad I saw it well done. ", "Thanks!", "How does it violate the rules? It's Wheatley, a video game character from Portal 2 made out of a cake and an in game quote from said character. I know you comment is meant to be in jest, but this circle jerk is already getting old.", "The rules as I understand it are that, pics have to be showing gameplay.", "Clearly images don't have to be strictly gameplay if they allow meme's. nowhere in the rules does it say it must specifically be gameplay footage.", "He is clearly playing a game on this cake!", "What was he late to? ", "OP got that OG OC", "Awesome!", "You should have given him a photo of it with 'The cake was a lie' on the back", "Why are there no pictures of how it looks like when being cut?\n\n:(", "Sorry :(", "Why do you want to see Wheatley full of knives, you monster?", "Very cool!", "Thats fantastisch!", "O_O i need dis ", "HEY! The first front page post without the word PC!", "*It's", "The cake is a LIE!", "I've got some too. Not so plenty but still a few. God, I love these old boxes. Fucking DVD-cases suck ass!", "It's not out of the question that I might be very slightly melting.\n\nBut seriously this is a wonderful cake and you should be proud.", "Thank you. It took about 6 hours from start to finish.", "Is that a cake, a plush, or a clay figure?", "You redditors increase my vocabulary on a daily basis, and for that I thank you.", "As someone that has brain cancer, and have several learning disabilities as well as other brain related fuck-ups; I would have probably pissed myself laughing if I had gotten this. \n\nThe Irony would have just been too much. I have a dark sense of humor.", "THIS IS NOT RELATING TO PS4 OR XBOX1. DOWNVOTED AND REPORTED TO MODS", "What are the hardware specs on this? Can it run 60fps?", "BANNED"]["Pen and paper gaming?\n\nI'm okay with this.", "It's great if you ever find enough people to commit to it.", "fuck the fact that this is as true as it is, so many awesome ideas dead...", "roll20.net", "Roll20 is awesome. My D&amp;D group is scattered across North America. We have a guy in Maine, a guy in California, a guy in Texas, a guy in Toronto, a girl in Vermont, and a girl in Florida. \n\nIf you get the Roll20 add on in google hangouts, you can group it with conference video chat and screen sharing. But we still use Skype to send character sheets back and forth. ", "Nice try Google.", "I've already accepted that they could easily spy on me if they wanted. So whatever. I like hangouts quite a bit. And if they had file sharing like Skype, if probably never use Skype again. ", "Google Drive?", "No idea how that would work for the form-fillable PDFs we use, but I doubt my friends are patient enough for that anyway. ", "Single shared folder with a subset of individual folders for each person? Dungeon master then just goes through and plucks out the forms from each.\n\n(note: I've never actually played D&amp;D so I might be missing something more specific that needs to happen.)", "You can already share files over G+ Hangouts with the integrated Google Drive app on the sidebar. If it's a proprietary Google Doc, you can group edit the file with whoever is hanging out. Otherwise, people are free to download whatever you upload to the Hangout. It's pretty slick. ", "I'll look into it, thanks", "Dropbox shared folders work pretty well.", "I need to play this. I need to learn how. If I give you my contact info could you perhaps teach me?", "I'm incredibly busy right now, so I doubt I could dedicate enough time to teach you D&amp;D, but there are a lot of people that would be more than happy to teach you on /r/DnD ", "I've looked at every VTT program and site in the last decade save for probably this one.  My buddues are playing on it now, but I haven't had time.  \n\nI actually used a MUSH to make my own VTT in 1993.  It had a dice roller (hidden/public) and I had a table object witb various preloaded descriptions so players could \"look\" at NPCs and what not.  The room's description would change as well on command, pulling from preloades text.  It was actually pretty sweet.  \n\n2nd ed ruled for that stuff, since you didn't NEED minis and maps.  They were just cool.", "PS - That was over on a VAX, so...  SUCK IT, NEWBS!  ;)", "Got room for more players?", "Not currently. We haven't even been playing recently because no one's schedules are lining up.", "This x 1000. Roll20 is basically cloud D&amp;D, with support for any ruleset on any board any time. It literally saved my group.", "Just D&amp;D?  My gaming group, which I probably have to leave for various reasons, plays all kinds of different systems.  We're currently using the Palladium system to play in the Alien(the movie franchise) setting.", "It's a virtual tabletop; it gives you backdrops, tokens, and dice and says, \"Have fun.\"\n\n&lt;edit&gt; It also gives you a deck of playing cards.", "I am going to have to check this out.  I have a friend out in Utah who is a gamer, and I'd love to set up a cross-country game.", "More than D&amp;D, of course! It's just the thread's about D&amp;D.", "I will check this out....  I loved playing d&amp;d, and Star Frontiers back in the day", "THANK YOU FOR THIS", "Pen and Paper gaming on a PC! ", "I mean, that's an awesome idea, but still, it'd be hard to find time.", "I typed this website but I don't think it's the same as you were indicating", "www.nearbygamers.com\n\n/r/lfg", "Dude, thank you.\n\nIm in my last year at my university and after this semester I wont be able to play with the club I usually play with because Ill have class on the nights they play.\n\nSo I was hoping to have a way to find groups near me for after I graduate.\n\n", "Check out meetup.com too, I run my town's RPG group and we're pretty active. Depends on the town obviously, but can't hurt!", "Thank you as well.\n\nIll be sure to keep them on hand until im ready to go looking.", "It works.", "Nice thanks. ", "This is why you find a nice nerdy lady/man (or sperm donor or surrogate if you are gay), settle down, make shit tons of babies, and force your kids to play with you. \n\nFigure you've effectively got a stable D&amp;D group for about ten years, and that is worth it.", "Alternatively, pull a Fritzl and force your kids to play real-life D&amp;D in a real dungeon.", "Guys, don't google that word. I warned you.", "This was my dad's solution and I couldn't be happier with it.", "\"But Dad... you're a terrible DM!\"\n\n\n...they're right.", "https://app.roll20.net/forum/category/22", "*this* is true, yet hard to find.\n\nI had 9 players in a 4th edition group, that was cool, but when the DM got too busy it was super hard to get the other 8 players to join a new game", "&gt; 4th edition\n\n\nThere's your problem.\n\n\n", "I've also played 3.5 and pathfinder.\n\nPersonally, I lile my foghting options in 4th ed.\n\nIn 3.5 it was more challenging, but when in combat I only had the option to shoot my bow or swing a sword", "Not at all. In the core rules you could use feats, grappling or disarming, in addition to a number of different abilities. Plus, if your DM wasn't an asswipe, you could ad-lib almost anything.", "Yup. I love 3.5. You literally can do whatever your mind can think of, as long as it applies. Instead of shooting your bow at the enemy, aim at the rock formation above his head with an explosive arrow and see what happens.", "I finally found a group a few weeks ago, we'll have our 3rd session next saturday. It was awesome and it's gonna get awesomer. Yes, awesomer.", "These days, I would guess there were meet-ups over Skype.  Has anyone tried this?\n\nEDIT: Apparently [/r/lfg](http://www.reddit.com/r/lfg) is the place.", "Especially with 2nd Edition", "I just started my first group with some buddies at work and holy fuck is it fun!", "Not even just that. You need to find people that will commit and not be dicks. I watched a group of friends crumble because they couldn't play fair. \"You should restart your character because he's OP.\" \"You should drop that weapon because its unfair that you got it and we didn't get something of similar value.\"\n\nOther than that, they would gang up on each other and say \"well we don't like playing with X so lets just kill him until he stops playing with us.\" \n\nThis game can be fun, but think about who you play with.", "Honestly that just sounds more like a group of dysfunctional human beings than a bad RPG group.", "You're pretty correct on that. I never played with them, watched a couple times, but I always got to hear what happened because I was the only neutral person.", "I'm surprised it isn't deleted due to the fact that books aren't exclusively for gaming.", "Yeah. I mean, it can be used for gaming, but unless he is showing himself playing a game with them, then its not gaming related. For all we know, he got those books to be paper weights and door stops /s", "I'm not okay with it.  Pencile is better.", "BUT NO ONE PLAYS SECOND EDITION ANYMORE.", "Pathfinder is where it's at.", "Pathfinder is crazy.  Good crazy.", "I disagree - I'm currently running a second edition campaign.", "did they finally get the online servers fixed? been dying for a new campaign but damn cloud problems", "I'm completely surprised this is front page today despite not being a PC circle jerk post.", "The neckbeards are merciful so long as it's not a console. ", "He who lives by the THAC0, dies by the THAC0.", "\"Does Save v. Death mean what I think it means?\"\n\n\"No.\"", "It does if you roll a 1 (most of the time)", "Now i'm hungry for Mexican food.", "No, it's pronounced thay-co!\n\nI think?", "no its thac-o ", "Rhymes with whacko, or taco?", "After knowing nothing but THAC0 for years, but then firing up Neverwinter Nights (2002) after not playing any D&amp;D for some time... Imagine my confusion when my wizard had a lower armor class than my plate mail-clad fighter.\n\nThat being said, THAC0 and the associated armor class weirdness was one of the stupidest ideas to make it into any game, ever.", "Amazingly enough THAC0 is quite a bit less stupid than how it was in first edition, where you needed a 2d table for each class since the relationship between AC, level and to-hit was occasionally nonlinear.", "2nd Ed aaah the memories.  When real men used Thac0 and AC went down the better it got.\n\nI once rolled a natural 18/00 Paladin.  I almost started fapping at the gaming table immediately", "That's ridiculous luck. I think I maybe once rolled the dice in front of a DM and got a Paladin. 12 strength if I recall. Fun to roleplay, though. I played him like a Raistlin Paladin.", "Your DM didn't allow you to reassign points, or were your other rolls that bad?", "Mine wouldn't let you have an absolutely terrible character, but if you had a handicap you just had to make the best of it.", "Fuck that mine wouldn't let me have wooden armour! (Trust me the stoner mentality at the time it made sense!)", "You'd be bouyant as hell. ", "The first time I ever played I made a wizard and the whole time my DM kept saying how he was exactly like Raislin. He was evil and power hungry. Eventually he turned on and betrayed the whole team for more power. I just went with what I thought he'd do the whole time. I later read the books and besides the skin and the brother their attitude and goals were very similar. ", "A guy in our current group has an 18/00 Fighter dart specialist. 15 minimum damage, 5 darts/round. Of course he destroys almost every single non-magical dart he throws due to it failing the crushing blow...", "Paladin was the least likely class to be played in my 20+ years of 2nd campaigns. Why? Even with our DM allowing us to point exchange for stats, our general play style would have had any Paladin trying to kill us in our sleep. So we summoned a 2 mile long black dragon eh? OPEN THE PORTAL TO TOWN QUICK. Right in the middle of the dragons head? That should kill it. Its too bad we had to head back to town to alot of melted things and a few pissed off survivors.\n\nAnd that's when we were not trying to be evil.", "I roleplayed the typical Paladin, always trying to right wrongs and sticking my nose in all types of places.  After a few gaming sessions of having my group thrown into jail for intervening in a public beheading, swearing retribution for a desecrated shrine and stopping my party from robbing a wealthy merchant's caravan, my group was a little peeved with me.\n\nStopping to camp one night, the group started passing notes to each other and to the DM.  I was asked to take a saving throw, the DM went \"mmmmm\" and nothing happened.  Some more pieces of paper were exchanged and once again nothing happened.  I found out the next in game morning that the group was discussing slitting my throat while I slept.  Most specifically the mage, kender and barbarian.\n\nThank-you brave, barbarian cleric for not sleeping that night!", "Dude, I can't even imagine how annoying your character must have been to get a *kender* to hop on the throat-slitting wagon.", "Only fighters got to roll for exceptional strength.  Or did they change that in 2nd Ed?", "Warrior classes (fighter, ranger, paladin, and barbarian).  Taken from the first google result.", "Ha, funny, I'm still used to anything even remotely AD&amp;D related being carefully scoured from the internet.  Tried to find my 2nd Ed. players handbook but could only find my 1E PH.", "Oh gods, 18 strength in 2nd Ed.\nThat convoluted band-aid solution was undoubtedly the most confusing aspect of the entire game.\n\nIt was easier to wrap my head around the entire Planescape setting than it was to understand why they thought thing made sense.", "Ooooooh, Thac0... /nostalgic sigh", "I only play 4ed so I have no idea what that means. Is that good?", "Liar.  They never came out with anything after 3.5e.  It's a shame, though, because 3.5e required only a few tweaks to make a truly perfect game...", ".... im playing 4e", "*whoosh...*", "When you are lucky enough to roll 3 x 6 and get a strength of 18, you then roll 2d10  for \"exceptional strength\".  If Kiri-Jolith smiles upon you, you will roll 2x0, which counts as 100.\n\n18/00 is equivalent to the strength of an ogre, while I believe 19 is equivalent to a hill giant.", "Sorta on topic, my Paladin loved to settle disputes by wrestling with opponents rather than fighting with weapons.\n\nHe got naked and greased up A LOT.", "Holy crap! Yea I've only played 4e so it's all built for me. I've been dying to try 3.5", "Well damn.\n\nOdds of 18 on 3d6 : 1/216\n\nOdds of 100 on a d100 : 1/100\n\nOdds of both happening : (1/216) x (1/100) = 1/21600\n\nYou're one lucky fella.", "I've also gotten 4 numbers on the UK lottery.  Got about 70 odd quid out of it.  Haven't won a bloody thing in the last 3 years though.", "This is the one that [brings me back](http://paulskemp.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/ADD_Dungeon_Masters_Guide_Old_p1.jpg).", "&gt;Gygax\n\n:') RIP ", "Still have it. In fact, I contacted Greg Gygax back in the day after I wrote a parody class. They offered me $100 to publish it.  I said no, I wanted to keep the rights. THey said they had a good laugh over it in Somewheresvile, Wisconsin", "I still have mine. I've always loved this book. The random generation was so fun to mess with. ", "I still have my fathers copy of that. Along with numerous other first edition books. I also have a small collection of the original D&amp;D books before it became advanced D&amp;D.", "I have a treasure trove of 2nd edition supplies from my middle school days. Many handbooks and guides, full monstrous compendium with tons of additions, a TON of Forgotten Realms DM materials, and so much more. I just wish there was some resale value to it, but I don't think there's really any demand. ", "Ill take it. PM me if serious", "Hmmmm. Tempting. I'll noodle on it. There is a fair amount of nostalgia to it, but I don't think I'll realistically ever get back into playing again. Good times were had. I'll gather it up and snap some pics sometime. I suppose there could be a market out there for it. ", "Some stuff is actually quite valuable. I ran a business selling it years ago. Most of the folks that actually *played* 2nd Ed are adults with disposable income ;)", "&gt;  I don't think I'll realistically ever get back into playing again.\n\nThat's what kids are perfect for :)", "Indeed. 'My son is approaching the right age...", "\"Old school\" gaming is a really hot thing right now in RPGs. Your books are probably worth more than you think.\n\nOn that note, if you have any Spelljammer stuff, I'll wash your car for the next three years if you let me buy it off you.", "I use to have all the Dark Sun, Alqudim and Planescape stuff.  Some of my fav fantasy DnD setting ever.", "Dark Sun and Planescape rightfully get mentioned as the best, but Al-Qadim was far too interesting of a setting for it to be as overlooked as it is.", "Al-Qadim playing a sha ir is some of my fondest moments growing up.", "Dark Sun was pretty fun.  I miss that setting.", "My buddy is running a campaign for us. I love it so hard! Went with a dwarven psionicist with the sensei kit, so hard! ", "I always loved Dragon Crown adventure.  You felt like a powerful char going up against some other powerful chars.", "No Ravenloft?  Pity.", "Ravenloft just wasn't my cup a tea played.  ", "My PnP group was into Vampire the Masquerade as well, so a gothic Vampire D&amp;D campaign fit right in.", "There is a ton of demand... I've bought a ton of crap off Ebay and amazon. ", "I want to start d&amp;d with friend so no I'll take it for more than the other guy! ", "How much do you want for it? I'm a bit late to the party, but like the others said, I'd totally be willing to buy some, if not all of it. Send me a PM if you're interested!\n\nSeriously, dem handbooks... dem guides... dat monstrous compendium with additions....\n\nEdit: Please please please please with a cherry on top and sugar on the side", "If you haven't already sold your dnd stuff, I'm game. PM me if you're interested. ", "Hey, I have those! Do you not have the monster manual because some fucker spilled water on it and decide to not tell you because \"it was just a little bit\"? \n\n**ALEX IF YOU'RE READING THIS FUCK YOU**", "Haha no, they just didn't have the Monster Manual. \n", "2nd edition is best edition!", "So many conflicting rules and absolute nonsense spells, but I agree it is a great edition unless you want to play a rogue.", "I played a lot of fighters in 2nd edition, but in 3-3.5, halfling rogues were my absolute favorite. ", "Gnome bard 4 life", ":( my first ever character was a rogue in 2e. still have his sheet 10 years later", "Rogues are all about the skill checks and creative use of materials. I played a rogue in a low-level campaign and loved it. I think it depends on how open your DM is to non-standard combat moves. ", "[Serious] Can you supply some examples?", "An /r/gaming post I can get behind!", "Would you mind explaining the perks of v2? I've played 3, 3.5 and 4 but know nothing of v2.", "All about that 3.5, son.", "Absolutely beautiful\n\n[I have the same set with the Monstrous Manual, and have been getting some of my work friends into old school 2nd Edition AD&amp;D lately.](http://i.imgur.com/bDFxTP5.jpg)\n\nIf you want the focus to be more on storytelling and less on gridded miniature battles, 2nd is the way to go!\n\nRecently purchased the Ravenloft and Planescape boxed sets as well  :)", "Are these re-releases? The 2nd edition books that my buddy has are all paperback and have completely different cover pictures.", "[Like this?](http://www.hoboes.com/library/graphics/biblyon/old/games/DMG2.jpg)", "That is what I remember. *sigh*", "I think the re-release is a reprint of [this version](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/3/36/DungeonMasterGuide2e-RCover.jpg/220px-DungeonMasterGuide2e-RCover.jpg). ", "Don't remember what the DM's guide looked like, but I think this was the players handbook cover: http://i.imgur.com/njBud2x.jpg", "That's 1st ed.", "No, that's second edition revised (or 2.5).  It's the edition that OP's book reprints.", "Yes", "These are \"premium\" re-releases which launched a few months ago.\n\nThey are based on what most players call \"2.5 edition\" which are the reprints of the original 2nd edition books with some clarifications/edits/errata/etc\n\nThese modern re-releases also feature some small additions and alterations, and I believe even some additional art.", "Since you mentioned how 2nd Ed is better for role playing, I will use this space to rant: last weekend, we were supposed to attend a party during our session, and receive our rewards for completing the tasks assigned by our guildmaster. He had prefaced the adventure during the previous session by telling us how we would have a chance to schmooze with the locals and get to use some of our more \"role playing\" oriented skills.\n\nThe adventure starts, we enter the party, and it's a trap, everyone roll initiative for combat. What a letdown. More hack and slash. The group was so letdown we barely were even into playing that day. \n\nI let my DM know I was a little let down that day. Hopefully he got the message. I want to do more than try to figure out how to power game and sneak attack every round.", "/r/rpg", "Some friends and I have been play-testing [D&amp;D Next](https://www.wizards.com/dnd/dndnext.aspx) which is being developed using a public beta. The focus in this version is to return to the story telling roots. I played 4.0 for a while and never cared for it. This new version seems to be much better so far. If you have any interest it's free to sign up for the playtest and download the latest playtest packet with PDFs of the current rules.", "I am very excited for D&amp;D Next; the return to the \"theater of the mind\" is long over due\n\nI can tell that a few of my PC's coming from 4th to 2nd are having a blast in an environment that is just much more \"free\", and I expect a lot of players will be enjoying that transition when NEXT launches :)", "The Planescape box set is gorgeous! I finally grabbed that a few years ago when I ran into some spare jink.", "The Planescape campaign setting may very well be the best boxed set that TSR put out.  Unfortunately, it's in rather high demand among collectors these days - it's rare to see a copy go for less than $60 on eBay.", "Wow where on earth do you get these?! I got into DnD through 3rd edition. My uncle was the one who awoken the nerd within me and he always played 2nd edition and I always wanted to play it! PM me or something this is awesome!", "They actually started reprinting these not too long ago!\n\nI have seen copies at my local hobby shop, and you can [find retailers who carry them through Wizard's official site.](http://www.wizards.com/dnd/Product.aspx?x=dnd/products/dndacc/35740000)\n\nBUT, I got mine for [much cheaper on Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Premium-Advanced-Dungeons-Handbook-Rulebook/dp/0786964456) ;)", "Pen n paper is the best console.", "Runs on the best GPU as well.", "Comes with its own hardware, needs no power (although fuel such as Mountain Dew, beer, chips and pizza is a must). On some systems and games the expansions get expensive, though.", "Playing D&amp;D builds character.", "Let the edition wars commence!", "There are no editions wars. Just everybody shitting on 4E, which is how it should be.", "Exactly. Not sure why everyone got superpowers in 4.0. Quite lame.", "Two reasons: Accessibility and Greed. 4th edition was an attempt to make roleplaying mainstream by both making it as relatable as a boardgame and as playable as... well a boardgame I guess. It just felt so much like another WotC (hasbro) cash grab. ", "\"I am a Lv.1 Sorcerer, fear my unlimited lightning bolts!\"", "TIL \"fighters having something to do besides absorb hits (badly)\" means \"everyone has superpowers\"", "That was beautiful :')", "Really never understood all the shitting on 4e. It had some major design flaws, but it attempted to make combat tactical, fun for everyone, and not one big caster supremacy circlejerk.", "The purpose of 4E wasn't fixing high-level imbalances, it was capitalizing on the success of MMORPGs like WoW.", "...people said the same thing about 3.0 and Diablo. Really, the only similarity between 4e and WoW is the defined roles for each class (which actually date back to original D&amp;D and aren't new at all), the expendable powers (which aren't any less realistic or fantasy-like, nor more MMO-like, than Vancian magic is), and the existence of tanking mechanics (nevermind that tanking in 4e is wholly different from how it works in any MMO).\n\n4e had its share of major design flaws, but \"it's just tabletop WoW, man\" is the sort of thing I'd expect someone who never played either 4e or WoW to say.", "I can't say I've logged countless hours on 4E, but I've dropped into multiple sessions. Home had skewed house rules, some stuck to core. But the gameplay was *all about combat*, and was so straightforward and so easy. It's a massive step towards WoW.", "I've only ever played 4E and I started playing in September with the same group and the thing that annoys me the most is the high amount of combat. We meet up for 5 hours every Week and every session is essentially trying to get through as many encounters as possible. Our roleplaying limits to arguments over who should get the honours of doing some trivial action. I thought it was just a very average campaign and DMing but I didn't realise that the version of the game plays a part here", "It does and it doesn't. There's no *less* role playing in 4e (there's arguably more, mechanically speaking) but there's just so much cool combat stuff that that's where people generally put most of the focus in their games.\n\n4e is just as good as the rest of 'em. It's not my favorite at the end of the day, but as long as you're having fun, that's all that matters!", "Like I said, I agree 4e had some massive design flaws. For many characters, the sheer glut of options slows down combat and discourages creative play by causing decision paralysis. (\"Swing on the chandelier and kick the ogre in the face\" doesn't seem like as much of a possibility when \"tide of iron\" and \"reaping strike\" are laid out plainly before you.) But I don't see any way in which it's necessarily \"more combat-oriented\" than 3.x was. People made the same accusation about 3.0 when it came out.", "The accusation was true for 3.0, and it's also true for 4.0. When an entire handbook (and DM guide) comes out focused entirely on combat with little mention of diplomacy, it's safe to assume it's more combat-oriented, mate.", "Curious, did you actually read the 4e DMG?", "I've seen it, I've skimmed it, but I haven't read the whole thing. Shit's super light though, and the section on NPC development is minuscule. They don't have many rules governing things outside of combat, they just sort of dropped them. Especially when compared to the 2E, 3.5E &amp; Pathfinder DM's guides I have like ten feet away from me.", "&gt; (which actually date back to original D&amp;D and aren't new at all)\n\nWhat do you mean by \"role?\"  Because original D&amp;D didn't have taunts and low damage/damage soaking tanks, it didn't have classes that was relegated to healing (clerics didn't even get spells until 2nd (3rd?) level), and it didn't have classes that were solely damage dealing classes.\n\nI've played D&amp;D since the original red box all the way up through 4th, and I played WoW from vanilla to Cata.\n\nYou're right that people said 3E was a move towards Diablo, but I argued against that back then, and I would argue against it now.  3E did A LOT of things right, and Pathfinder has taken that torch and run with it.\n\n4E was a move to WoW.  You didn't have achetypical warrior/rogue/mage/cleric - you had pidgeon holed tank/DPS/healer classes.  Your abilities even had cooldowns that were based on arbitrary game mechanics, not \"realistic\" time increments.\n\n4E made me stop playing after 3E pulled me back in.  Pathfinder pulled me back in again, and I'd still be playing if I could find the time.", "But being a caster was awesome. If you want to be melee be a shifter. That can be fun. Just no pun pun", "The game actually wouldn't have been that bad if it were marketed as a caster supremacy game. Just cut out the fighter, rogue, monk, etc. completely and dedicate the pages to longer spell lists and more *wild shape* options.", "Low level 4E &gt;&gt; low level other editions.  You had barely any options at low level, and the imbalance was in the other direction: casters are glorified crossbow wielders and fighters just have bigger numbers and can do things.  Once other editions got going, it ended up being alright and you could decide which you like.\n\nI just felt they were apples and oranges though.  4E wasn't really \"improved 3.5\" (pathfinder was closer to that), but a completely different game.", "What else are we supposed to do with 4e?", "Bracing myself for downvotes, but I think 3.0 was a major step down from 2e. 3.0 completely ruined the balance between fighters and casters.\n\nIn 2e, fighters had awesome saves, the most hit points, the most attacks per round (only \"warrior\" classes ever got 2 attacks per round), got some of the best level-up perks (building a castle and attracting hundreds of followers? don't mind if I do!), and were beastly in a suit of plate armor. 3.0 successfully neutered this by effectively making fighters the worst class (only the samurai in 3.5 was worse) and jacking up caster power to unimagined heights.\n\nAs far as I'm concerned, there was nothing \"heroic fantasy\" at all about the way melee classes fared in 3.0: the fighter was easily outclassed by anyone else, even the druid in melee. This was remedied to some extent when classes like the knight and warblade were introduced near the end of the 3.x product cycle, but really those were just stepping stones to 4e, which arguably helped undo a lot of the damage 3.0 had done (not to say 4e didn't have its own major design flaws, but at least it wasn't a total caster supremacy circlejerk).\n\nI sometimes wonder if the 3.0 nostalgia isn't really just the rage of a bunch of nerds who were bullied in high school. \"What's this? Dumb jock meathead fighters shouldn't have any power compared to my brainiac wizard!\"", "3.0 was flawed.  3.5 fixed a lot.  3.75 has it all figured out.", "Pathfinder is better than 3.5, but so is 4e. Pathfinder is also bogged down with a lot of the same flaws that neutered 3.x.", "4e is the devil and nobody will ever convince me otherwise.  I've played every edition extensively.  4e is utter crap.  ", "I play primarily 3.5 and in my current party everyone is being outclassed by a barbarian, so I can't say I share your opinion.\n\nCasters from the SRD piss all over melee, but the myriad splatbooks make creating a melee beast entirely possible.\n\nIf you feel weak compared to your party it's probably because either\n\nA) they min/maxed and you didn't (munchkin is fine when everyone does it)\n\nB) your DM isn't thinking about his encounters enough.", "&gt;Casters from the SRD piss all over melee, but the myriad splatbooks make creating a melee beast entirely possible.\n\nSure, entirely possible with a crazy gimmick build and a healthy dose of system mystery. Charging paladins that do 700+ damage on a critical? Spiked chain trip fighters? Hey, remember the time in the Iliad when Achilles picked up a spiked chain and proceeded to trip his opponents to death? Neither do I...\n\n&gt;B) your DM isn't thinking about his encounters enough.\n\nIdeally, the DM shouldn't have to work very hard to create encounters to which everyone can contribute. Balancing the game is the designers' responsibility, not the DM's.", "But that's what I love about it, that crazy shit is an option.\n\nOh and as for designers balance? You can't balance another persons imagination, that's how you end up with cookie cutter, creativity stifling stuff like 4e.\n\nWhere everyone is special, and no-one is.\n\nEdit: for context, I am a DM and play a fighter in 3.5.", "The problem, again, is that 3.x is *just as cookie cutter*. There is the illusion of lots of options, but very few are viable.\n\nOf course everyone should be special. *It's a game of heroic fantasy*. The main characters are heroes. In the 2e PHB, the sample historical/mythical fighters listed include Hercules, Achilles, Gilgamesh, and Beowulf (if memory serves me correctly), not \"some random dumb meathead with a sword\".", "\"Crazy shit as an option\" is great and all if you have everyone having a gentleman's agreement to not go overboard (or everyone go overboard) with everyone with similar system mastery.  If you're playing with a power gamer who loves optimizing characters and his new-to-dnd friend, the new guy is just going to be thrilled when he's hitting a guy for 12 and his friend clears out the rest of the group with 2 spells.  I've seen a lot of 3.5 games go really well, generally with a group of experienced roleplayers.  Other times, it has left half the group going to eat pizza during the middle of combat because the other people handled the fight.\n\n\"Balancing imagination\" is a bit disingenuous.  A new to the game person could have great imagination, but have no idea how to make a competent character.  The super strong characters tend to be cookie cutter characters from the character-optimization boards, while the interesting characters fall short.\n", "anything but 4th edition is good", "Hopping onto this thread cuz its towards the top...\n\nI casually played AD&amp;D a few years ago and have the most experience in 3.5e. I recently got together my old group and played through a session of D&amp;D NEXT. Has anyone else here given it a try? It's pretty different than what I'm used to but it seemed a lot more intuitive than 3.5. Definitely not a good game for the \"rule-sharks\". Seems like most of the physics/odds are up to DM discretion in that game (relative to previous editions, excluding 4e). That being said I enjoyed myself :) I was DM at the time", "Is there a adnd sub. Where we can post questions about rules and adventures we've been on. All I can seem to find is newer dnd which is not that fun to me.", "Just head to /r/rpg, there are people playing pretty much any edition you can imagine.", "[It's right here](http://www.reddit.com/r/adnd/)", "also check out /r/dnd ", "/r/osr", "Join us at /r/rpg", "We promise we won't bite...!\n\nWithout first rolling Initiative, then adding our Strength bonus, substracting your Defense and rolling against your Armour Class, that is.", "Ugh what a grognard. What he meant to say was, **When you want to post in /r/rpg, Roll+WIS.**", "Dude...this has nothing to do with PC gaming...\n\nBut all joking aside, nice grab. I'm more of a 3e/Pathfinders fan myself (4e is nice, but too linear for my tastes) but still, very nice.", "I play Pathfinder on the regular, but when I saw these I just couldn't resist. 2e is definitely looking pretty nice, I'm gonna finish getting the rules down and hold a few one shots with my friends to see how we like it. It maybe be the way of the past of the future. \n", "Now, you just set yourself up for a 'Days of Future Past' one-shot knockoff campaign :D\n\nGood luck, and let us know how you like it.", "I wish I Hadn't lost all my first and second edition books when moving many years ago. The Fiend Folio was an especially tough loss...", "I have a fiend folio. It's a bit battered, but intact if you want it.", "My DM is barred from using Legend &amp; Lore at the table, unless we're allowed to use Unearthed Arcana. \n\nLove AD&amp;D !", "Awesome. I still have all my old AD&amp;D supplies. The sentimental value is astounding. Good find!", "It's not about PC? Have all my upvotes.", "This reminds me of an episode of community", "Aren't those the reprints?", "I am well jelly. Not just for your amazing purchase but because I don't have anyone to play with. I'm hopping in 10 years the Oculus Rift will be so good that you can play DnD in VR, Then family game night will kick ass. \"Mom Heal sis she is in a berserker rage.\"", "Wish I still had my original edition and my box set of basic edition and expert rules set.  Brings back memories.  Nice find!", "I've got a spare original handbook if you want it!", "Got an online game I can join?", "/r/lfg", "The reprint covers look pretty amazing.", "Well, guess which post sent me to amazon~ \nAD&amp;D 2nd amazing for my first gaming memories.  \n3 and 3.5 not bad I always have fun\n4th ed great for feeling like a bad ass with all those mmo-ish dailies\nD&amp;D Next (5th) A great throwback to older editions. Feels like ad&amp;d 2nd and 3/3.5 mixed. \nDon't be afraid to try the newer ones, always something good to be found.  ", "I'll just leave this [link to amazingness](http://geekdad.com/2013/11/mighty-wallet-critical-hit/) here for you.", "Wow, if I was in the market for a new wallet...", "Shoot... I think I've still got the original Fiend Folio floatin around somewheres. Started playin in the early 80's and still play to this day ... only We play Pathfinder now. Because its more gooderer. 8)", "I inherited all the 1st editions from my older brother. I got all the 2nd edition stuff in the early 90's. Now it all sits in a couple boxes in storage.", "It's a shame they never made any editions after second.\n\nOh well, you can't improve on perfection.", "I've never played dnd but I have played Warhammer FRP, World of Darkness (including the Mage and Vampire expansions) as well as Neuroshima. In fact quite recently I've purchased the third edition of Warhammer. Could someone compare dnd to one of those games? I'm curious to see how they differ.  ", "Those are amazing! I'd be proud to own them. :)", "2nd ed. is the only edition of d&amp;d.", "How old is 2nd edition? Is there a reason why you got those vs whatever the newest iteration is? I don't know much about it.", "2e is the SNES of RPGs. \"Outdated\" or \"classic\" depending on who you ask.", "2nd edition is pretty old actually. And it totally depends on how you like to play, the thing about second edition is that there aren't all of those skills that you put in points in to, and there aren't any feats that you get when you level up. Instead, you get percentages starting out that go in to a skill designated by your class and you pretty much just have to use your imagination to keep yourself alive; unlike in something like 3rd edition, where you can just take some bonkers feats and not be a tard bargler with your skill points and have a still pretty kick-ass character. Newer doesn't equal better, it just means that it's different. Also, 4ed sucks a big dong. ", "I have many excellent memories from the originals. Good find.", "I bought a slightly used player's handbook when i was young, used to read and enjoy the illustrations for months. Never took part in a real pen &amp; paper session afterwards.\n\nWonder where it went.", "i always love how people don't get Thac0 and such....  math is hard.  I thought and still think it is a great system.  3 and beyond is dumbed down, though I been in PF.  I am finding PF awesome.", "Maybe its easier for us old farts. Having done the math already so many times.", "It's not hard, it's just an unnecessary extra step.\n\n&gt;Roll-THAC0 = Hit\n\nvs.\n\n&gt;Roll = Hit", "Whatever happened to freeform non-number-crunching text-based roleplaying?", "I know! Sadly, only \"original\" D&amp;D seems to have held that. Once the brand became a big name, they just started cranking out books full of rules and stats to justify having a product to buy. The vast majority of the rules in the hardback rulebooks are never even used by the actual game designers in their own home games!", "It's very much alive and well, but totally free-form role playing doesn't make for a very fun game. There are lots of games like Fiasco that try to add fun mechanics to the free-form spirit, though.", "Those are on my list to buy, but not at the price they are retailing.  So far, I am unimpressed with how expensive the 1st and 2nd AD&amp;D books are retailing for.  The 1st ed's are at least for a great cause, but Hasbro jumped on the band wagon and did it for 2nd without the proceeds going to Gygax's Memorial fund.\n\nAlso, the 2 books collecting about 4 adventures are HORRENDOUSLY overpriced (Dungeons of Dread and Against the Slave Lords retails for $50 each).  I know Amazon is cheaper, but that's not my point.\n\nStill, I will wait patiently and get the 2nd edition trilogy set when I find them at used book stores for $20-25 each like I did for 1st.", "Agreed. This is the reason I haven't sprung on the 2nd edition books yet.\n\nFYI, the 1st ed. Player's Handbook is available for $14 (plus shipping) at Miniatures Market's website. (Dear mods: I have no financial interest in this company; I'm just trying to be helpful to fellow gamers.)\n\nI agree the hardback adventure collections are far, far too pricy. They also have worse production values than the core books. I got the dungeons of dread one at one point, but sold it on eBay in disgust a week later. :(", "Check Ebay or Amazon Marketplace.  I got a 2E PHB and DMG for a LOT less than what the reprints sell for.", "As I said, I realize amazon and other online sources sell it for a much more reasonable price, the retail cost is outrageous.", "When I think of AD&amp;D, [this](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/09/PlayersHandbook8Cover.jpg) and [this](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8c/DungeonMasterGuide4Cover.jpg) are what come to mind.", "If you can't find anyone local to game with, hop over to Google Plus. There's a _huge_ pen and paper gaming community there that uses hangouts to game with people all over the world.", "&gt; hop over to Google Plus\n\nNice try, Google, but I'm not falling for it.", "What edition are they in now?  I think I played 3rd edition (the edition right before they got rid of THAC0.)", "I thought 2nd edition was the last time there was THAC0.  I think they are up do 5th edition now, My crew and I still play 3.5e", "They are still working on 5th or \"next\"", "They are starting on 5th edition now.  3rd got rid of THACO, and 3.5 rounded 3rd off nicely.  4th edition was an attempt to simplify the game, which ended up just alienating a lot of their older audience, and still not capturing a new one.", "tl;dr we're doing Pathfinder for the moment", "My ex's parent had the first edition pamplets. Sadly this was some 6 years ago and I never took pictures of them. Really cool to see though.", "i never played the 2nd edition since i've heard it was 3.5 or 4.5 that was the best from my friend (who is our dungeon master) he makes the events and purchases the books etc. and we play. i LOVE DND.\nPS. if you ever get the chance purchase Dark haresy pen &amp; paper. Thats really neat too.\nsorry for the grammar.", "Wow, major take-me-backness. I wonder if I still have some of my old ones ... to the storage unit!", "I can't wait to roll a bard named Minstrel Blood.", "Gnome bard. New rules give em' prestidigitation, which is amazing.", "Man.... I have not seen that artwork in a long time. Mine got sold in a garage sale a long time ago. The versions I had though the artwork wasn't contained to a diamond, it was the entire book. ", "I loved ad&amp;d (note username ;-) but my heart still lies with Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay (way before the battle stuff) and, even earlier, the wonderful Dragon Warriors series. I enjoy fantasy because of these two wonderful series.\n\nNot sure how much light they saw outside of blighty though.\n\nLove em still :-)", "I love the art from the 80s version of these. They were so mysterious and interesting looking. With my stack of books and a bag of dice, kids at school thought we were doing black magic.", "I'm a complete and utter newb when it comes to D&amp;D and table top RPG's But I really wanna try them out. My question is what are the differences between D&amp;D 3.5 and Advanced D&amp;D? Are there more types than that as well?", "All D&amp;D is based on Ability Scores: Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma. While AD&amp;D (both editions) had a chart for every one of those containing a plethora of numbers used for a variety of actions you could attempt, 3.5 instead had Ability \"Modifiers\" extrapolated from your initial Ability stats that were then used to modify combat, skills etc. 3.5 feels like more of a neat package, very logical and easy to understand (once you get past that initial learning curve). I haven't actually attempted to play 2e yet, but it seems a bit more arbitrary in its execution. Not that this is a bad thing at all, I'm excited to try it. ", "Do someone know a good site to get into the game?", "http://roll20.net/", "I have a few 1e &amp; 2e handbooks, field folios and monster manuals. I also have some die-cast painted miniatures, but they're old and the paint is mostly gone. I've moved on to Pathfinder (*fuck* 4e), so if anyone's buying, I'm selling!", "Yea im relatively new to tabletop RPGs, been playing Pathfinder and 3.5 E dnd. Got a group of friends that's doing 4th E but I haven't joined em yet. Learning a new system intimidates me.", " I may be biased because that's what I played as a kid but 2nd Edition is the best.  ", "THACO\n\nRun away!", "Th-ay-co or Th-ah-co?\n\n(ay as in *A*pe or Ah in C*a*t)", "Th-ah-co. Has to be, really, I think? ", "I think that's how we said it.\n\nThen, after playing for years, I encountered a different group and they said it the other way. Sounded funny.", "My group pronounces it Th-ah-co (as in cat).\n", "I miss D&amp;D...no one I know still plays.", "Do you have a 12-sided die?", "Yep. In the garage.  I've also got posters on the wall. My favorite rock group Kiss.", "only ~100$ for those I assume what a deal!", "It kind of is as they are so hard to find in used book stores now. People constantly buy them up when they hit the shelves. ", "Jeaalouuuuus!", "If I only had people to play something like this with..... everyone I know looks down their nose at D&amp;D", "You can always make session online - yeah, i know its not the same ;)", "Yeah I was a DM over at dndonlinegames for some time but yes it isn't the same.", "You should see my dad's collection of dungeons and dragons books.", "Not Xbox/PS4 related. Reported to mods.", "Tim... Tim Duncan? Is that you?", "YES FRANK, IT IS ME. ", "^god ^I ^hope ^your ^name ^is ^actually ^Frank", "I've never seen this version of the 2E core books, what are they?", "These are the recent \"special edition\" reprints that were put out to make money. They are pretty nice quality and all, but unfortunately they chose to reprint the revised mid-to-late 90's version of the books instead of the originals, which I would have preferred.", "What about the table they're sitting on? When did you pick that beauty up?", "KMart about a month ago. It came lacking a hinge. ", "\"Picked up these gems the other day\"", "I want to play this so bad, but I have no clue where to even begin. Any help would be greatly appreciated. ", "Walk into your local tabletop gaming/hobby/comic book store (all of the above have been known to host games) and ask if/when they have D&amp;D/Pathfinder (Pathfinder is just a slight improvement over 3.5, released after the 4.0 debacle) games. Avoid 4th Edition games, if that's what they tell you they have.  The easiest way to get past the initial learning curve (brick wall) is to just get into a game. \n\nAlternative Option: Find somewhere that sells DnD/Pathfinder \"Basic Games\" or \"Beginners' Boxes\" These lay out the basics of the game in an easy to understand manner. You'll probably have issues finding one of these if your heart is set on starting with 2nd Edition. \n", "Thank you very much!  Would Amazon work?", "[Here you go.](http://www.amazon.com/Paizo-Publishing-PZO-1119-Pathfinder-Beginner/dp/1601253729/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1384916298&amp;sr=8-7&amp;keywords=dungeons+and+dragons+basic+game) The previous edition basic games are obscenely expensive (that is, 3.0 and 3.5. I doubt that even had a basic game for before that). But as I said, Pathfinder is nearly identical to 3.5, except for a few (in my opinion) improvements. The beginner's box will teach you the basics (and definitely prime you to play with a Pathfinder or 3.5 group, if you find one) but you'll probably want to pick up the Pathfinder Core Rulebook (usually runs fifty bucks new, but it's a complete ruleset. Not like DnD where you need to buy at least two different books to have a clue) once you play through the beginner's box. \n\nAlternatively, the entirety of Pathfinder is available [free online,](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/). I personally like to own books, and find that for learning rules, a book is a bit easier to work with. \n\nYou also may want to subscribe to /r/rpg and /r/dnd, they're both pretty good about answering beginner questions (from what I understand from comments in this post. I've never actually asked them anything). And if you're looking for a group and can't find one, /r/lfg is basically craigslist for RPG groups, either irl or online. \n\nHappy RPing! ", "You're too kind. Thank you for this. ", "Makes me want to sub to /r/dnd...", "buddy just wants to post it in here so someone says something like \"hey, this is for video games etc...\" then he start like a moral stand and begin a debate about what a game is. Don't bite people! Don't bite!", "...are you reffering to me?", "no no sorry, the original poster, sorry, should have been more clear!", "I'm envious and more than a little nostalgic. Great find!", "how is this different from the books publish in the 1990s?", "I learned D&amp;D on this rule set.\n\nI think it's the best.", "As someone who's never played before but has always wanted to dabble in D&amp;D, how would one go about getting into it? I literally have no idea how it works. ", "Basically, it's collaborative storytelling with some rules to help keep things fair and somewhat balanced, and dice rolls to inject some drama and danger.\n\nIf you're interested in learning more, why not start with the most current information? The upcoming new edition of the game (the 5th major edition, currently codenamed \"D&amp;D Next\") has been in playtest mode for almost two years now but is nearly ready for publication. You can download for free some bare-bones beta rules and sample adventures at wizards.com/dnd.\n\n**Edit:** Also, go to youtube and search for some clips of people playing. The Community episode of D&amp;D is well known.", "I miss this. I find it so difficult to find a group to play with since I went to college. ", "College was the best time of my D&amp;D days.  Discovering beer and herb made those dice and pictures in my head all 3D.  Oh wait, the dice were real, so they were already 3D, but it was like v3D.5 and shit.", "This is when I played the game!", "I've never played a second of D&amp;D but I LOVE the books. I used to buy the books just to read them. They're awesome \"on the shitter\" books, I prefer the monsters manual, but I think I read them all. ", "Kickin' it oldschool!", "Welp, you're set if you have to battle death for your life.", "Keep this away from Pierce please.", "I love DnD!  I got the 3.5 books\n", "I would love to play some games like this, but I don't have have enough friends that would or the time to play:(", "Well done..  i never managed to get these.. but i still have just about all the 1st edition tomes", "I have always wanted to get into D&amp;D, but I am a complete noob to it. Can anybody help me with this? What do I need to get?", "Reprints or a lucky find? I know they reprinted the first edition books done time ago.", "The only things I didn't like about v2 was the THAC0 (since so many people had negative AC at higher levels), and how the skills had percentages that went above max (My rogue gives 110%!).  Once 3 &amp; 3.5 started using the ever rising AC and DC, the potential to keep leveling more and more with crazy planewalker/godfighting campaigns became uber.  \n\nv2 However did have some of the absolute best campaign settings and lore.  The Unholy Three Bane Baahl and Myrkul, their deaths and the time of troubles, Planescape, Dark Sun, Spelljammer, excellent better than sex add on books like Faiths &amp; Pantheons and each class had their own handbook with about 6 more subclasses with special rules.  Jesters.  Kai Warriors.  Cavaliers.  Oh My!\n\n3.5/Pathfinder is my favorite ruleset, but 2.0 will always be my favorite setting.  4 was a blasphemous wretched hosebeast which I disavow, both rules and setting.", "Man this brings back memories...", "About 5,000 geeks just had a nerdgasm.", "I still have my original DM's guide, Player's Handbook and Monster Manual from back when they were first published like, what, 35+ years ago? I remember waiting expectantly as the first DM's guide was first going to be released.  In fact, I still have ALL my old D&amp;D stuff in a suitcase.", "Personally I am interesting in D&amp;D Next.  The new systems actually seem to have a lot of potential.  It looks like it will simplify and speed up play while retaining classic flavor.  I also like power doesn't seem to scale out of control anymore.", "['nuff said](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/)", "Not gonna lie, I was pretty dorky as a kid and thought this was pure nerd shit. But fuck man my curiosity has been getting to me over the years and I really do want to try it out. ", "Everyone on the planet has seen these before. They are widely available. Why is this front page? ", "Damn, Im enormously Jealous. If you don't mind me asking, what character do you run?", "Yummy yummy THAC0. Your AC is -15. Figure it out. lol", "Ultimate virgin edition.  NSP is the best.", "That is some sexy looking leather there.\n\nThis statement brought to you by \"Things Never Heard in a Florida Retirement community.\"", "Wait... I don't remember the covers looking like that...\n\nEDIT: I [took a couple of pictures](http://imgur.com/a/1kCpe) of what my very first RPG books looked like! 1989 printing, as far as I can tell. :) And yes, that a Tome of Magic. My group hated it, and me because of it! ;)\n\nYours seem all embossed or something. Very subdued and pretty. :) Are they leather?", "I have always wanted to play D&amp;D, but I don't have enough friends, and when I talk about wanting to play with my one friend about finding people to play he laughs and tells me that's just way to nerdy for him.\n\nHim and his room full if swords, anime, and other hugely nerdy shit.", "Oh man, the feels. I was in boarding school, and my group of AD&amp;D nuts all had photocopies. Books were super-expensive, not to mention these were imported books, of a niche genre at that. The couple of hundred dollars they went for retail were shared among us to lessen the pain, but we got them all.\n\nThis was in the early 1990s, pretty much 2 decades ago. Well damn, now I feel old.", "Great artwork.\n\nWORST VERSION EVER.\n\nDude, I was there for that shit. Anticipated the new version like a motherfucker.\n\nI was born in the D&amp;D, you merely blah blah blah. And so it was, this GIANT NEW THING...\n\nAnd it sucked worse than anything had ever sucked.\n\nWe had all blown entire (shitty) paychecks on full sets of books.\n\nArgh.", "What do you want with the second edition? Maybe it's a regional thing, but around here we have Pathfinder, which is the newest version of ad&amp;d. \n\nOr is it for the sentimental value?\n\nEdit: Crap, guys! I wouldn't think this is possible - an honest question gets more downvotes than upvotes...", "&gt;What do you want with the second edition?\n\nI'm going to guess he wants to play the best edition of DnD ever made.", "Preach on, fellow gamer! I'm right there with you. I've played it all and nothing competes with AD&amp;D 2nd Edition!", "Really? I was under the impression that the newer rules are more balanced and the newer monster-handbooks have more content?", "To eb honest, I haven't played Pathfinder, I'm just really dedicated to v2 because of very pleasant memories playing it.", "It's also much easier playing a version you're familiar with.", "Before 3rd edition, the \"unbalanced\" rules didn't matter so much because the game was supposed to be more about story-telling and imagination and classic role-playing.\n\n3rd edition (and later) was heavily influenced by the popularity of MMORPGs, and had more of a focus on efficient combat, mechanics, class balance, etc.\n\nBoth have their pluses and minuses, and I probably enjoyed 3rd edition more.  But I totally understand why people would prefer to play older versions.", "I'm gonna have to go ahead and disagree with you there.  3.0 came out in 2000.  Had been in development for many years.   MMO influence?  Absolutely none.  The only MMO's even out then were EQ, UO and AC- and long after 3.0 was basically into polishing and playtesting phases.  3.5?  Began design when 3.0 came out to address serious holes in 3.0.  Again, not MMO influenced - just fixing.  4.0?  That's the only MMO influenced edition of pure D&amp;D.  ", "&gt; supposed to be more about story-telling and imagination and classic role-playing.\n\nWhat is stopping the DM from story telling and the players from role playing in 3rd edition and on?  The level of those is user dependent.", "Half the time the rules I played by were being made up by the DM. What exactly do you roll when you're sledding on your shield behind a bear under your control? Our DM decided it needed a strength check every round, a constitution check every four rounds and a dexterity check any time you hit something. Failing a check meant you were sliding behind the bear on your own and needed to pass a -1 strength check to get back on the shield.\n\nIt was so freaking awesome to kill 300 orcs by getting them to chase the fighter behind the bear and having the wizard call down lightning.", "I think third Ed was damn near perfect. The rules were simplified, but not as far as later editions. There was still enough detail and non combat skills. \n\n3.5 was just a money grab and 4.0 is a joke, it's WoW table top. I still hold on to my Rifts books in hopes of breaking out an old school game. ", "&gt;3.5 was just a money grab and 4.0 is a joke, it's WoW table top.\n\nPeople said 3.0 was tabletop Diablo. Shit don't change.", "I've been playing for 20 years and 3.0 was welcomed with open arms, even by the people with every AD&amp;D book printed. Other than a hand full of sticklers, the gaming community had very little complaint about it.\n\n3rd ed didn't come with miniatures, was still built to be played as usual and was a huge revamp of an old system. No one thought it was diablo, from websites to fellow players, d20 was considered a solid addition to the world of pen and paper gaming, rather than pandering to the mmo crowd, which 4.0 was accused and guilty of. ", "...except that 4e was not a \"pander to the MMO crowd\". If anything, it was an attempt to restore the balance between casters and non-casters, something 3.0 completely destroyed. Yes, 2e was more balanced than 3.0 in this regardfor example, fighters had great saves and were way meatier than their 3.0 counterparts. You had to be mentally deficient to play a fighter in 3.0 unless it was a goofy spiked chain trip build or the equivalent. (Nothing screams \"heroic fantasy!\" like a guy with a spiked chain who repeatedly swings at his enemies' feet!)\n\n3.0 was lambasted by Gygax himself (!!!) for its \"return to the dungeon\" emphasis and the fact that it removed \"overworld\" elements (like druids having to advance through the druid hierarchy in order to level up and fighters getting to build a fucking castle at 9th level).", "The abilities system of 4.0 was an MMO system applied to paper. For gods sake, they simulated different levels of cool down with the daily, per fight, etc. \n\nYou guys keep talking about balance, about the games being fixed or upgraded. The beauty of the older \"broken\" systems was the idiosyncrasies. Yea, stuff often wasn't fair or balanced, but neither is life. \n\nWhen everything's and simple and balanced then I feel like it doesn't really matter what I choose. Everyone's a winner, so who cares if I'm a wizard or a rogue, either way I'll have the same chance as everyone else. I didn't really affect the outcome, since my character is only cosmetically different from anyone else. ", "&gt;The abilities system of 4.0 was an MMO system applied to paper. For gods sake, they simulated different levels of cool down with the daily, per fight, etc.\n\nHow was this any different than \"okay, you prepared 'fireball' and 'tensor's transformation' but now you cast them and they are magically gone from your memory! hope you brought a spellbook with you or are willing to make your comrades camp after 5 minutes of dungeon exploration\"?\n\n&gt;You guys keep talking about balance, about the games being fixed or upgraded. The beauty of the older \"broken\" systems was the idiosyncrasies. Yea, stuff often wasn't fair or balanced, but neither is life.\n\nThis is one hell of a way to rationalize away bad game design.\n\n&gt;When everything's and simple and balanced then I feel like it doesn't really matter what I choose. Everyone's a winner, so who cares if I'm a wizard or a rogue, either way I'll have the same chance as everyone else. I didn't really affect the outcome, since my character is only cosmetically different from anyone else.\n\nIf you actively think the game designers should reward you for picking a wizard by making you better and more important than everyone else, congratulations. You are exactly the sort of person to whom the hobby should *not* be catering. If you are just claiming that all the classes play the same in 4e simply because they are at roughly the same level of power and usefulness, you are wrong: they do not.", "3.5 was a nice fix actually. Helped balance mages vs. fighters in the epic levels.", "3.5 fixed glaring errors in 3.0.  I begrudgingly jumped on 3.0 when it came out (as I have all the FR boxes and really didn't want to convert) and I was ecstatic to see 3.5.\n\nPathfinder (3.75) is where its at anyway.  ", "Just because 4E was *less story-oriented* doesn't mean you have to assume Pathfinder and 3.5 were too. Don't knock it till you try it.", "Was that intended to be a response to me?  I didn't say anything was shit.", "Them, sir, is fightin' words.", "Hey, it's all right if you want to be wrong.", "Sorry.  Can't hear you over spontaneously converting my divine spells to healing.\n\nCleric4Life.jpg", "That's cute, I'm too busy killing twenty foot spiders by wrapping our fighter in mattresses and throwing him onto it from thirty feet up.\n\nI loved my old DM, always so flexible as long as our plans seemed awesome.", "I'm not quite sure how this battle strategy does damage, as I would assume anyone stuffed into a mattress would be functionally immobile, and the mattress itself wouldn't deal much damage.  Beyond that, I'm pretty sure you can do the same thing in 3rd Ed.", "It was a very heavy man with enough padding to let him survive dropping straight onto a spider after being thrown by a dwarf with 18/90-99 strength.  The fighter was the projectile killing the spider.\n\nIt helped that the dwarf rolled a natural 20 ensuring the spider's quick demise.  It may be possible in 3 but I always felt 2 had a lot more flexibility with playing.", "&gt; being thrown by a dwarf with 18/90-99 strength\n\n&gt; a dwarf with 18/90-99 strength\n\n&gt; 18/90-99 strength\n\n[*ahem*](http://shaolinpunk.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/IMG_7205.jpg)\n\nI'm gonna have to see those dice, son.\n\n&gt; It may be possible in 3 but I always felt 2 had a lot more flexibility with playing.\n\n:-p  I actually found it more the reverse.  The system wasn't great, and we found ourselves completely tossing it out on a regular basis and just doing the \"Fuck it, I'm going to roll a die and if its higher than 12, it worked.\"  My biggest complaint about 3rd Ed was the rather exhaustive compilation of rules that made it seem like if you didn't have the \"Fling Your Buddy\" feat set and prestige class, you weren't allowed to do it.\n\nBut I won't hate too much.  I did 2nd Ed all through high school and enjoyed the hell out of it, truth be told.", "&gt;I'm gonna have to see those dice, son.\n\nHey, the DM was just as suspicious but we all watched him roll. He demanded it when he got the 18 in strength because he didn't want any doubts about how strong his character would be.\n\nUltimately, I'm sure it came down to the DM and his flexbility, but we did a lot of rolls based off of the most appropriate attribute. Not necessarily throwing the rules out, but using them as seemed best.  My DM was always willing to give out of the box thinking a fighting chance so 'Fling the fighter covered in mattresses', 'Sled on your shield behind the bear' and 'Use the handkerchief of flirtation to make out with the vampire keeping her distracted while the thief pours a drop of death potion on her head' were all rather successful endeavors.", "&gt; but around here we have Pathfinder, which is the newest version of ad&amp;d.\n\n&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;", "Ok, ok, to be more exact: It is based on the 3.5 rules of ad&amp;d.", "Last I heard, the 'A' in AD&amp;D specifically refers to 2nd Edition. All of the others are just D&amp;D.", "1st and 2nd Edition, yes.", "Are you sure? I have a crapton of 2E materials that all have the 'A', and one or two 1E books with no 'A'. I thought the original edition was \"Dungeons and Dragons\", and the \"Advanced\" part signified a new rule set - the 2nd edition.", "Yup. 100% sure.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Editions_of_Dungeons_&amp;_Dragons#Advanced_Dungeons_.26_Dragons", "It's just a D20 based game. There's dozens of pen and paper games that use the D20 system.", "By newest edition you mean not including the actual 3.5 edition which is the open source that pathfinder copied, or the actual 4th edition of D&amp;D.  Pathfinder is just a published 3.5 D&amp;D Homebrew.", "To me, \"PFRPG\" will always be \"Palladium Fantasy Role Playing Game.\" Still, better than playing an XBox or Playstation.", "Pathfinder is by Paizo, not Wizards/TSR, and isn't AD&amp;D (which stands for Advanced Dungeons &amp; Dragons)", "...It's still the spiritual successor of V2, made by the same people.", "Spiritual successor of D&amp;D 3.5 you mean?", "I always felt the rules (save AC changes) were mor like 2E than 3/3.5. Pathfinder's rules are extremely extensive though.", "Haha, I may have gotten here too late for you to actually see my answer to your question, but I do play Pathfinder regularly. When I saw that they rereleased the 2nd edition books I couldn't say no. I've heard such good things about it, and I have a devoping case of RPG ADD anyhow. ", "This post is in violation of the rules. These books could also be used for recreational reading. You need to post a picture of them being used to play a game.", "2nd edition sucks bawls", "What system do I need to run these/", "4.2GHz Mahogany 7770K Glazed Edition with Quad SLI SupportShaft Tis, at least.", "Rainy Day Games?", "How am I supposed to know you use this for gaming?  We require pictures of the game in action now.  Mods said so.", "More importantly, how are we to know if we should upvote or downvote without knowing if it's for PS4 or XB0?!", "Second Edition?  It's like they unearthed all that arcana for nothing.", "This version made me quit D&amp;D. Pathfinder forever.", "Excellent! I've been running a campaign with a few friends for the past few weeks (we're all new to D&amp;D), and been having a blast. So much so that I actually put together a digital map to keep track of adventures and places for the players. It definitely seems to help the players make decisions about where they are going when they can see the history of where they've been.\n\n[If you're interested...](http://www.lorefordragonfodder.com)\n\nEdit: Oh, we are also playing 2nd Edition :)", "Hope you like math buddy. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend v.2 if you are unfamiliar with D and D.", "Hope you enjoy watching everybody pick two classes and break the system.", "...That's what a DM is for, my friend.", "While I agree with you to an extent. But at the same time, me and my playgroups have always been by-the-books which can lead to miserable games depending on the situation.", "DM's job to make sure that doesn't happen even if you are by-the-books. Doesn't help if you pick overpowered Druid if you suddenly run into a pack of Great Wyrm Gold Dragons.", "second edition was so...so...so...bad. But it's a good collectors item"]["I can't express how disappointed I am that the queen isn't the medic if the king is the heavy.", "I remember hearing that the hats are interchangeable, so any class can be any piece.", "In that case:\n\n* KING - Medic\n* QUEEN - Heavy\n* KNIGHTS - Soldier &amp; Demoman\n* BISHOPS - Pyro &amp; Spy\n* ROOKS - Sniper &amp; Engineer\n* PAWNS - tiny baby man", "Pawns = Sandvich. ", "Pawns = Sentries.", "**HEAVY IS PRETTY PRINCESS!**\n\n**HEAVY IS FAIRY TALE COME TO LIFE!**\n\n**HEAVY IS MADE OF** ***SUGAR PLUMBS!***", "*WHITE TEAM IS BABIES!!*", "[**GET BEHIND ME DOCTAH!!!**](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTocPBgyYwA)", "KING - Civilian? ", "Maybe Saxton Hale?", "wouldn't the scout make sense as the knight?", "POSSIBLY, but since most other classes kind of have 'pairs' already (medic/heavy obviously, soldier/demo rivalry, pyro/spy being opposites...) i just tried to fill it all out.\n\nAlso, who dies easiest? Scoot. Who's first outta the gate? Scoot. Who always tries to kill you at an angle? Scoot. Who gets rewarded most for reaching the other end of the board? Scoot.", "Yeah, exactly. And even the game can be played on different rules", "[Three Dimensional Chess](http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Three-dimensional_chess) with TF2 pieces? It's a Star Trek Crossover that doesn't involve fanfiction!", "Now imagine if we had some Grey Mann Robot pieces...", "Not class specific hats, some hats are though.", "is there only 2 of each?", "Thats awesome, those hats must be rare drops", "Yep, you can see on the red side the queen is the scout and on blue it's the engineer.", "So the game comes with 80 extra pieces? I'd rather just have cheaper and fewer pieces...", "interchangeable pieces, not extra pieces. It means one could switch the tops of one piece with another.", "Yeah but you need enough heads for each class to be pawns.", "Look at this pic, I think pawns are their own separate, generic pieces:\n\nhttp://tf2.cz/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/nextchess_2.jpg\n\nSo TF2 classes will only be second-row pieces.", "Ahh fantastic thank you so much! I still think it would be a neat idea to have all pieces themed by specific classes. I mean the Spy would be a perfect Pawn as they can switch into any piece once they reach the other side and are pretty weak.", "Yeah I was expecting that. Or heavy is queen and medic is king, since that would represent their ingame roles more. ", "The solider should of been the knight , after all they mentioned in the Spiral Sallet description \"Little known fact: knights in chess travel over other pieces by rocket jumping.\"", "Well soldier could be queen too considering it's pretty mobile. ", "Queen - Scout (Can get around anywhere and is fast)  \nKing - Pyro (Can only hit targets nearby)  \nKnights - Soldier (Jumps other pieces like rocket jumping)  \nBishop - Engineer (Is limited to movement but can attack from a far)  \nPawn - Spy (Has to be close for the kill)  \nRook - Sniper (Can attack from a distance but is very limited)  \n\nThat's how it should be, BUT Heavy &amp; Medic for King and Queen I'm totally cool with.", "If pawns are spies I purpose the game come with tiny paper masks for when they get to the opposite side of the board and change class ", "this is the best possible idea.", "No! I refuse to play without Demoman!", "One knight as demo, one as soldier. Problem solved ", "I prefer to have all pieces of the same type be the same TF2 character. Otherwise I think it will be confusing.", "Thats actually a good idea since they both can jump with explosives", "The red side has Demo man as bishop.", "I would still prefer all the pieces to be the same. For some people it's not a big deal, but I want to see the same pieces when I play as either side.", "&gt;Pawn - Spy (Has to be close for the kill)\n\nThat and there are always 100 spies on your team", "Don't you mean snipers? :D", "It's both.\n\nSpies disguised as enemy Snipers.", "Unless you're on that one team where everyone's knew and they disguise as snipers from your team", "Because of how common it is to have 12 of them on your team.", "Scouts, no medics, and the other team has ber medics and heavies.", "My problem with this is that Scouts, though quick, aren't necessarily powerful.\n\nKing - Medic - an important unit thats pretty much useless alone. Gets protected mostly by the queen.\n\nQueen - Heavy - Absurdly powerful unit and a high priority target if it can get taken out.\n\nRooks - Snipers/Engineers Extremely powerful but limited units. Often used to defend the base and take easy kills but don't misplace because they have a hard time getting out of bad situations.\n\nKnights - Soldiers- Highly mobile and strong.\n\nBishop - pyro/spy - mortal enemies. Chessboard should be setup so that the pyro on one side can kill the spy on the other (they can only move diagonal so a bishop starting on a white square only ever travels on white squares and same goes for black)\n\nPawn - Scout - Out of the gate they can move extremely quickly (2 steps) and really only attacks diagonally similar to how they mostly strafe to be effective fighters. Plus if they can maneuver to the other end and get the intelligence they become high priority targets (queens) that really show off their power.\n\nEdit : Patch 1.01 added engineers to Rook class. Upon reaching the other side of the board the Engineer rook can leave a turret in an empty square. Engineer must return to home side of the board to resupply before putting down another turret.\n\nTurrets can attack 1 unit left near it at the end of your opponents turn before beginning your own. Turret is destroyed after your turn.\n\nAdded skill to sniper rook - Headshot. If the sniper rook can move to kill a unit, kill the unit without moving the rook. Sniper Rook cannot move for 2 turns.", "This this this!", "Agree, but replace the Snipers with Engineers for the Rooks.", "What if we make one rook a sniper and one an engineer because now that I look at it I completely forgot to put him in.", "Demoman as well, I believe. One knight could be a demo.", "Love the bishop idea,\nI would buy just for that idea!\n\nEdit: sounded too excited the first time..", "A good scout can take out a heavy with 2-3 well placed scattergun shots. I would call that pretty powerful.", "the point is you need 2-3 and needs to run around him. A sniper needs one shot and stands still, a heavy just needs to run at you chaingun spinning, soldier needs to land a good rocket. Pawns are just as powerful as any other unit in this game given that you maneuver them correctly like the pawn. If you read the whole thing you'll see that I also give the true scout (one that can maneuver and make it to the otherside) all the power of the queen because hes proven to be skillfull enough, or lucky enough to utilize its full potential.", "king should be sniper. Always hiding behind other pieces. Nearly useless. If you can get to them, you are probably fucked on all fronts. ", "No team has ever lost and said \"man, if only our snipers didnt get killed\".\n\nAlso, no chess board could have 3 kings standing at the back of the board.", "To add to your tactical analysis: He is also a great suppressor in his area of influence.", "Who wants a bottle of piss thrown at you?", "Nah king piece has a very limited range while the sniper can pick you off from the other side of the map. \n\nThis may sound weird but I think the spy should be king, he has a very limited range and doesn't like direct conflict, maybe the scout or the sniper could be his queen.", "Looks like the red king is spy. Although it might be hard to see if you play as blu.", "Is it really a common opinion that the sniper is useless?", "Unless you can headshot people left and right. Pick a different class.\n\nIf you want to get better at Sniper, go play Counter-Strike and come back to TF2 when you can headshot.", "Not the class, but most sniper *players* are fucking useless.", "its one of those classes that draws people to it. Most of them aren't good. It is a small slim group that can actually play the class. how the map is set up can make the class useless. ", "Hell, most maps, two snipers is one too many.  Best sniper gets the spot, all other wanna-be aimers can learn to lead with rocket shots.", "King is a sniper, have mercy on us everyone.", "The pawn's En passant capture could be equated to the spies' backstab.\n\nDisguise also fits in with the ability to promote a pawn when it reaches the opposing player's first rank. ", "Also they \"change classes\"", "Snipers are pawns because while you need more queens there are 8 fucking pawns.", "My preference\n\nKing - Medic  (Most important member of the team, when he dies everyone will die)\n\nQueen - Heavy ( I love this doctor!)\n\nKnights - Soldier (Rocket jumps around everyone)\n\nBishop - Engineer (Often takes supporting position, though is just as often untrue)\n\nRook - DemoKnight (Charges straight at you in a straight line, rocks you)\n\nPawn - Scout/Pyro/Spy (The frontline... or behind enemy lines in the spy's case)\n\n\nSnipers just don't exist in chess", "I think it makes more sense for pyros to be pawns. Spy do attack from close up but they don't fit the frontline soldier role that pawns play in chess. Spy works better as a king", "This is perfect. I do love Heavy and Media as King and Queen, but yours makes a lot more sense in terms of Chess and TF2. \n\nThat being said... the chess set OP presented is such a let down because it didn't do either of these. ", "spies are the complete opposite of a pawn though, i feel like the spies should be bishops because they strike when not expected", "Engi and sniper need to trade peices", "I believe the pawns should be snipers as there are always too many on each team.", "My pyro's flare gun will mess you up!", "&gt; Rook - Sniper (Can attack from a distance but is very limited)\n\nThe rook is the second most powerful piece. It is not limited.", "I *think* he is a knight. I mean there is a knight behind the Sniper and the Soldier is clearly missing from the visible classes.\n\nI'd bet that he is that knight.\n\nEdit: Nevermind, it's the Spy.\nhttp://tf2.cz/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/nextchess_2.jpg\n\nClearer image here. That's clearly the Spy's ear.", "the heavy knight looks like he has batman on top of his head", "Should have been.", "And that the scout isn't all the pawns, and the sniper is both rooks. It makes SENSE!", "Spot on. Here's my take:\n\nHeavy - King (slow but powerful, is a target for all players)\n\nMedic - Queen (most important class, you're in trouble if you lose him)\n\nBlu Bishop - Spy / Red Bishop - Pyro (diagonal movement is perfect for roaming and getting in behind the other team's pieces)\n\nBlu Knight -Demoman / Red Knight - Soldier (highly maneuverable, powerful classes)\n\nBlu Rook - Engineer / Red Rook - Sniper (both are great a locking down an area, vulnerable to indirect attack)\n\nPawns - Scout (quick out of the gate and can take down any class if they get close, but expendable)", "Pawns are quite slow, even as slow at the king except for their first move, which is still slower then any other piece", "Seeing as all but two kinds of pieces are exactly as fast as each other, I think taking speed of the classes into account is kind of a mistake.", "I'm for medic king usually has a capped melee crit for a kill but can't charge in to use it without dying. If the medic dies team is usually screwed, often hides behind other pieces and stays close to avoid flanks and charges.\n\nDemo for queen has high mobility, highest dps output in the game.\n\nScouts for knights slipping behind enemy lines quickly with jumps and speed\n\nSoldiers for bishops jumping behind enemy lines from angles pyros as well for flanking heavy rooks\n\nHeavy for rooks powerful but weak to being flanked also usually castles medic to protect him\n", "Thinkin' the same thing!", "&gt; Medic - Queen (most important class, you're in trouble if you lose him)\n\nOn further thought, this makes a surprising amount of sense - whilst the Queen is important on the offense, you probably don't want to be throwing it into the thick of the action where it might be vulnerable. Better off kept in a support role, using all the directions it can move in to protect as many other pieces as you can.\n\nThat line of support sounds a little like a medbeam to me...\n\nMedic + Engi/Sniper doesn't really translate well to the strategy of a Queen backing up a Rook down a vertical line, maybe make Sniper a bishop (good at picking things off even when they're at a distance and behind cover, by slipping diagonally through a line of pawns) and Pyro a Rook (tends to run in straight lines but if he comes smashing through your front line you notice pretty quickly, especially when reinforced by a Queen/Medic)", "I think the tops of the pieces might be interchangeable to allow you to choose which pieces they are. RED's is totally different from BLU's.", "That was giving me heart palpitations until I read the comments and saw that you could interchange them.", "If you look closely you can see that you can screw off their hats and put it on any other piece, so you can easily have even a scout for queen. Or at least I'm pretty sure that's how it works.", "Speaking of hats. I think this chess set should include an item code for all-classes chess hats in-game", "Well, it will come with a hat, but [not quite like what you were expecting](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Grandmaster).", "The pieces are modular - you can specify whatever class to be whatever chess piece.", "you can swap the hats!", "I believe you can swap the pieces on their heads :)", "The heads and busts on the pieces are interchangeable. We worked with Valve to make sure as many players would enjoy this set as possible. The idea was to make the pieces interchangeable, so that everyone can field their team the way they envision the pieces to relate to the characters. Also, this way, people can make up new/house-rules for the game to play it a different way.\n\nEDIT: [Link to updated images](https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151887840499079.1073741828.133811649078&amp;type=3&amp;uploaded=5)", "No no no. Medic is the king: most important piece on the board, needs protecting, and has (when taking special abilities into play) not a lot of range.\n\nThe rook is the Heavy: Specific interaction with king, Attacks best in a straight line, and is built like a castle.\n\nThe knights should have been the soldier and demo, as they have the ability to jump over pieces.\n\nPawns should have been scouts, who's job is to get to the other side of the board as quickly as possible. Alternatively, pyros, who have a short range and run around all over the place. Or spies, whom take the shape of other players. All 3 die easily.\n\nThat leaves the bishops and queen, right? Queen is the Sentry gun, whom the entire other team will work together to take down. Bishops are snipers, whom attack at long range... diagonally? Usually two per team whether you need them or not anyway.\n\n", "It looks like the other queen is a scout based on the headphones on his ears.", "I was more disappointed about the pawns not being sentries, MOVE THAT SENTRY UP!", "OP please include trigger warning for OCD, thanks.", "I'm more disappointed that there is no blue spy.", "How the fuck is the demo man not the king, or a knight?\n\nHe has 2 king miscs, and a subclass of \"demo KNIGHT\"", "Yeah, demo should be knight for sure.", "There's not really any logic to it. \"stick traditional chess tops on TF2 pieces\"\n\nAnd, for that reason, it's not the greatest TF2 merchandise idea imo.\n\nNot only that I'd be fucking surprised if more than 1% of the TF2 community can spell chess let alone play it.", "queen should be Pyro since it is assumed pyro is female\n", "Just pirate the 3D models, redesign the pieces to your liking and 3D print them.", "I can't express how much of a loser you are for caring.", "My take \n\nKing - heavy \n\nQueen - medic \n\nRook - scout \n\nBishop - sniper \n\nKnight - spy \n\nPawn - engineer ", "Imagine you do a checkmate, \"I win\" you think to yourself, but suddenly, BOOM, all this time your queen was actually the spy, who is standing in a straight line to your king. Its his turn and makes a comeback from a certain loss.\n\nGreatest. Chess. Match. Ever.", "How badass would it be if that was actually a variant? Each player picks a pawn on the other players' team to be a spy, and you never know when he's going to assume control of that piece, or which one it is.", "How would that work? Would you have to take all of his pawns and write on the bottom of one or something? Otherwise I don't know how you'd prove which pawn you chose without the other player knowing.", "Put numbers on the pawns, at the beginning of the game write down a number and stash it under the board.", "Idea: One of the pawns has a marking under it. Whenever you want, a player can call \"spy check\", and whatever pawn on the enemy team has the mark becomes a queen for the other side. If the spy pawn's already dead, the spy respawns as a rook on one of the player's edges.\n\nAlso, it can only be called at the end of the turn. So you can't just call spy check at any random point, and your turn ends after your spy is revealed. The Rook thing also helps kill the strategy of \"Kill all his pawns, then summon up an extra queen, without crippling you if you accidentally kill your spy.\"", "I was confused at first, but this could actually work", "As I implied, you couldn't just \"decide\" to play that way. The pieces would have to come with identifying marks on the pawns, or you would have to tape them on or something. It could be as simple as the numbers 1 through 8.", "I never play chess, but apparently neither does my friend Bill, because weve been stuck playing this same game for like three hours now. I dont even know where he found this chess set, probably on the street, it has a distinct yard sale look. Its one of those crystal chess sets, or fake crystal, whatever, but you know, the kind popularized by the first X-Men movie, when Professor X is playing chess with Magneto, but because he controls metal, hes in a plastic cell, and everythings made out of clear plastic.\n\nThat was like the go-to Christmas present for everybodys dad across the country that Christmas. Look dad! I got you a present! and the dads like, Gee  thanks son  its a chess set. Thanks. And the kid is so oblivious, so pumped about how cool it looks, he cant tell his dads blatant lack of enthusiasm, You want to play dad? and whats the dad going to say, no? Its Christmas. All right, set it up, lets do it.\n\nOne game of chess, one painfully slow game of chess, during course of which, Im sure even junior realized his total lack of chess abilities, that just because you know what each piece does doesnt mean you know how to play. Ten minutes later, the pieces are back in the box. Ten minutes after that, the set is lodged permanently underneath the coffee table, where it sat unused, for years, for over a decade, and that kid doesnt even live here anymore, he never came back after he left for college.\n\nLets have a yard sale! from the mom turns into, Look what I got for only five bucks! from my friend Bill, and he looked so happy, jeez, hes not an unhappy guy or anything, but its rare to see him this happy, and so Im scratching my head, Sure man, set it up, let me know when youre ready to go.\n\nAnd chess, Jesus, Ive read articles about chess, how the pros spend so much time looking at previous games and mastering moves thought out seven turns ahead, that its not even about an individual piece, theyre playing patterns, brainwaves are working at a level that would take me probably the rest of my lifetime to dedicate just to learn how to think that way.\n\nI remember one night while I was in Ecuador, the power went out and, for lack of anything else to do, I spent ten or fifteen minutes just staring at my Internet-less laptop screen, going through the hollow motions of pointing and clicking and opening up folders and there I found it, the built-in chess app. I said to myself, I know how to play chess, I was in the chess club.\n\nYes, I was in the chess club, but so was everybody else in my school. We had this rule, you had to belong to at least two extracurricular activities every year, and the two default clubs that required practically zero effort whatsoever were chess club and social studies club. Social studies club is a whole different page of crazy, but it more or less amounted to an extra social studies class once a week after school, sitting in a desk and listening to the crazy old social studies teacher get lost in tangents about when the UK and the USA were finally going to merge into the United States of the North Atlantic. Insane stuff.\n\nBut he made us sit there the whole time. At least the chess club moderator let us put our names on the sign up sheet before chess club started. So it was basically sign up, sit around and pretend to play chess for a while, and then leave. Chess club.\n\nI wondered if Bill was in chess club also, and he confirmed it, not in anything he said, but by his opening move, he took the castle right from the back and jumped over the front row of pawns. Whatever, I really didnt feel like prolonging the agony, so I let it slide. The game would have been cool if we at least had those timers, the cool things the pros slam down on when theyre done taking their turns, but we didnt have anything.\n\nAnd as we each started accumulated pieces, our attitudes turned surprisingly competitive. No, I dont think either of us were exactly following the rules, I mean, I didnt jump any pawns, but I did execute a very questionable castling maneuver, like I know its possible, but I just kept assuring Bill, No, its totally legal. Thats exactly how its done, and finally we got down to just two kings, his and mine, pointlessly circling each other around the board.\n\nWhat do you say Bill, call it a draw? and he smiled, Sure, if you want to forfeit, we can stop playing.\n\nOf course I wanted to stop playing, these were some of the most boring minutes I had spent all week. But forfeit? To Bill? I would have been hearing about it for years. This guy doesnt let anything go, the most trivial successes have a way of echoing down the ages, I could see it now, hed be over my house years from now visiting my family around Christmastime. Hed see the chess set my son bought for me, and hed throw in, You know, I used to beat your dad in chess all the time when we were roommates.\n\nBullshit. No way Bill, its either a draw, or we keep playing.\n\nAnd thats been it. I feel like Im being fair here, Im not demanding Bill gives up. Why is he being so stubborn? Isnt this boring for him too? How long are we going to keep this up?", "Could you repeat that?", "This story needs more attention. It is great. ", "[Not OC though](http://strictlyautobiographical.com/2013/10/i-cant-stop-playing-this-one-game-of-chess/)", "Yes OC. That's my blog. I wrote that.", "oh shit    \nyou're a great writer     \nI just sent you an email\n&lt;3", "Nice. Be expecting a letter soon.", "Two people bored to death, playing a game they hate, making questionable moves, ending up in a stalemate, with neither willing to concede, and all because the internet is down.\n\nIt's the perfect metaphor.", "That was a surprisingly entertaining read. I look forward to seeing you pop up in the future.", "Thank you!", "Rob, get back on AskReddit. What are you doing here?", "I'm hiding. Don't tell anybody.", "&gt; We had this rule, you had to belong to at least two extracurricular activities every year,\n\n\n\n\nDoesn't that make the activities... curricular?", "[Reminds me of this.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgeYScYe8wI)", "If someone made a TF2 map that was a chess board, people could actually play TF2 chess online. I'm thinking it would be like that wizard's chess scene in Harry Potter.", "So this has been out for a while, the set itself has yet to be released, but the pictures have been posted for a bit.\n\n\nNo news if it has been scrapped, but the TF2 promo item is still in the files.\n\nhttp://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Grandmaster\n    \n    \nEdit.\n\n~~(They are not available yet, if ever. A shame, I liked the concept a lot!)~~\n\n/u/GreenPlastik just showed me this!\n\n&gt;It's still coming out. \n\n\n&gt;WizKids Games has just posted actual **[product photos](https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?&gt;set=a.10151887840499079.1073741828.133811649078&amp;type=3&amp;uploaded=5)** to their Facebook page.\n\nThanks again man, this made my day.\n     \n\n\n\n\n     \nHere's the concept behind it:\n&gt; Unlike traditional chess, NextChess has a TF2-related twistswappable hat piece toppers. An ode to TF2, each piece will begin the game with a special hat topper and as the action heats up, hats come off. Players can claim various hats from other pieces and assume the movement characteristics of pieces captured, adding an element of variation and challenge to the standard game of chess.\n\n\n\nhttp://necaonline.com/39142/blog/press-releases/wizkids-bringing-dota-2-heroclix-and-team-fortress-2-nextchess-out-this-summer/#ixzz2K8EkMpmg\n\n", "I hope it still comes out, those a pretty sweet!", "You'll be able to buy a reasonably priced 3d printer and make your own before then", "I built my own, $600 and two days.\n\n\n\n\n\n...and a lot of blood...", "What's the specs on it? My friend and I built one for around 500, it prints 30x30x30cm, with a very low layer height. (I can't recall the number right now)", "Prusa i2. 20x20x10cm.\n\nI do have the calibration in great nick though. +- .0015mm on the X and Y. I usually roll with .2mm print height for time's sake, but I haven't tried anything smaller than .1mm since that's Makerbot's resolution (100 microns as they say).\n\nI could have done it for less money, but I never miss an excuse to buy a bunch of new tools.", "Yeah I checked and we've printed at 20 microns. I didn't include the digital calipers he bought in that estimate either :P We made it from scratch though, didn't buy a kit.", "True, I have been eyeing a makerbot... ok, someone who had one of the original run of these post some wire-frame models.", "I will 3D print them if the files are available.", "At first I was wondering why they chose certain roles for each class (why aren't all the pawns scouts or something?) but the whole switchable hat rules looks like it could pretty interesting.", "It's still coming out. \n\n&gt; They are not available yet, if ever. A shame, I liked the concept a lot!\n\nWizKids Games has just posted actual **[product photos](https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151887840499079.1073741828.133811649078&amp;type=3&amp;uploaded=5)** to their Facebook page.", "Oh man, this is amazing news, thanks so much for pointing this out!", "It isn't shown on the NECA website; the only chess set they have listed is for Harry Potter.", "&gt; the set itself has yet to be released\n\n", "They have a few items that are available for pre-sale, which have yet to be released.", "For everyone upset over piece assignment, i'm pretty sure those are hats you can swap around.  When they first announced the TF2 chess game they mentioned a hat swapping mechanic, and those do look detachable.", "Wouldnt be TF2 without hats", "Scout isn't knight.\n\nHeavy/medic aren't king/queen\n\nSniper isn't rook\n\nSoldier isn't pawn (because there are god damn thousands of them in every game)\n\nIt's like they don't understand TF2", "&gt;because there are god damn thousands of them in every game\n\nBy that reasoning, pawns should be spies and snipers.", "\"Really, guys? Four snipers and three spies? It's like you're TRYING to lose.\"", "Whenever I'm in this situation I decide it's time to just scout if I'm on objective based games and use the wooshy soda, or if I'm on a point defense then I'll just go rocket jumping with hopes I kill someone by accident.", "&gt;wooshy soda\n\n:')", "This checks out.\n\nSOURCE: me in chat / mic on most public servers.", "Trying to lose? No, I'm just trying to have fun.", "Well if you enjoy being flamebroiled four seconds after spawn, by all means I guess.", "Well I don't see the fun in spawn camping, but by all means I guess.", "In a good game, spawncamping is impossible to do and a waste of time. If the enemy CAN spawncamp you, something's wrong.", "I'm just addressing your post; spawn camping is the only instance I can think of when I'd be flame broiled after four seconds after spawn.", "Yes, and spawn camping is very possible if half your team is spies/snipers. If you have a legitimate offensive line, and are at all competent, they just won't be able to make it to your spawn. And if they do, they'll quickly die anyway.\n\nI don't AGREE with spawn camping, but people will do it if they can  and that's my point. Normally spawn camping isn't possible.", "I'm not talking about MLG games here. I fully understand you need a well balanced team to win matches, but sometimes I just say screw it and play the class I want to play because I just want to have FUN.", "\"It's just a game man. Be what you want.\"", "Problem with this logic is if the team gets steamrolled in 60 seconds, you spent maybe a total 40 of that respawning ... it's not a game anymore, because you're not allowed to play.\n\nIt is a game, but it's a TEAM game. Consider trying to play basketball if all players wanted to hold the ball all the time. It doesn't work.", "worst bit is all those spies go for facestabs which 99% of the time fail and spam the ambassador (and miss) 'cause they saw some guy on youtube do it well. then they complain when you backstab a guy before thwy shoot him...\n\nand 50% of the snipers are the sydney sleeper bunch, that gun irritates me more than it should.", "Then there is the bodyshooting machina users. I hate those as well.", "me too, I don't mind if they headshot me, but waiting till they can oneshot me with a body hit... come on thats not even funny.", "You can change the hats on their heads, anyone can be anything ", "This is wonderful news. ", "This changes everything!  \n\nThese look rather 3D printable... Would kill for a model of these.", "Scout should be bishop to zip diagonally across the board, sniper for hitting people across the board. Demo and soldier should be nights for rocket and sticky jumping. Pyro for rook since he just pushes through. ", "Scout should be the knight. Short attack range compared to a bishop but can easily make it behind enemy lines and maneuver around enemy's better than most other pieces. \n\nEDIT: Don't just think about movement but the strategic role each piece plays. ", "I was thinking the pawns could be mini-sentries", "Sniper is good Bishop.", "...Couldn't you always post board games?", "Yes &amp; no", "&gt;Yes &amp; no\n\nThat seems to be the go to response for most of this subbreddit\n", "Yep. \n\nFunny thing is that there is no argument to be had in the PC vs console arguments. A console is a computer, more true now than ever.\n\nAll gaming is awesome, so let's enjoy it all, board games especially!", "There's nothing specific to video games in the subreddit description, but good luck actually getting out of /r/new with board game content.  I tend to see a good bit of board games make it to the front page after big releases have most of the subreddit busy.", "http://i.imgur.com/0CnHA.jpg", "Based on the given roles I feel compelled to ask if the designers have ever played TF2.", "Thank god they actually look something like classic Staunton pieces. Themed sets that dispense with the traditional look altogether are totally unusable IMO.", "the knight should be a spy, because knights can move through a wall of enemy pieces and attack from behind.", "Pawns should have been turrets.", "/r/chess would enjoy this if someone would care to x-post!", "[deleted]", "I think most would enjoy seeing their favorite game getting exposure, yes. ", "/r/chess would wonder why the medic is only worth 3 material", "The one use I could see being practical for a 3D printer is to make fun chess pieces like this.", "brilliant", "I came here hoping the 3d models were downloadable so I could print some.  Leaving disappointed (for now).", "I'm hoping for that day too.  I don't own a printer but it would be fun to have.  I just can't think of that many practical things I could use it for in my daily life.  Making chess pieces seems like it would be fun and fairly easy.  ", "Not enough hats.", "All the classes are hats!", "Neat models, but overall I think the concept could have been done better.", "urge to play chess rising", "Everybody is complaining about formalities of how the characters relate to their chess counterparts. Lets he realistic here, if it were anything like a game of TF2 we would have snipers instead of pawns, and spies instead of everything else. ", "Team Fortchess 2", "This has been tried a billion times. there isn't a way to translate TF2 into chess form, it isn't 1:1 analogous at all. These guys make Heavy king, which makes sense mobilitywise, but wouldn't demo or medic make as much sense? Where does spy even fit? The point of a TF2 chessboard is just to show off fandom while enjoying a classy game of chess.", "And Mario Chess works how?", "wat", "You're saying that TF2 Chess makes no sense and doesnt translate into chess. That there is no 1:1 analog for the pieces to the characters.\n\nYet, here is [Super Mario Chess](http://technabob.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/super_mario_chess_game.jpg)\n\nWhy would Luigi be Queen, when there is a PRINCESS RIGHT THERE! Why is Birdo NOT a Queen? It's a cross dressing...thing.  Why are Goomba's Rooks and not pawns? Where is the analog?  All custom chess sets are fan service.", "you're preaching to the choir", "I own one of these. If you place Luigi right next to Mario it seems that Luigi's laying his hand in Mario's butt, it's bizarre. And Bowser Jr. is the queen. Doesn't make much sense", "Another bad game to chess adaptation. They could have dived ibto mario lore for a way better character set but nooooo.", "Spy fits as pawn obviously. There's too god damn many of them, and they can \"change\" into anything. The pawn also has a cool back-stab move. Spy fits that role perfectly.\n\nThe others are more flexible and can be placed in really any of the positions though.", "Now I just have to spend $300 to get all the hats for them, right?", "That's great, but if I buy it do I get chess piece hats to wear in game?", "Has anyone else noticed that the one piece you can't see in that photo is the spy...", "how much will this cost? 100 bucks for just the pieces?", "So I have to ask the question that the cheap ass redditors don't think of--\n\nWhere can I buy this? Is it for sale?", "I also want to know this!!\n", "It's important to point out that the roles are changeable. The pawns are always played by the smaller pieces that have the teams' logos on them, while the \"important\" roles such as knight, king, queen, etc, are actually the hats on top of the pieces. If you want the pyro to be a bishop, give him the bishop hat. If you want the heavy to be king, give him the king hat. \n\nAny class can be any role other than pawn. That way you can play the game any way you like.", "Why do I see these becoming hats in TF2 now. ^Unless ^I ^missed ^it ^^and ^^^they ^^^^already ^^^^^are.", "The world chess championship is being played right now. The 22-year old genius and fashionmodel Magnus Carlsen is challenging the old Indian champion - and winning by a large margin. If you have the slightest interest in chess I urge you to check up for the young Norwegian. He will be the youngest world champion ever, he already has the highest rating ever, he wins every super-tournament he is in and he is a really nice, surprising humble and social guy.", "Neat, but it's no TF2 Monopoly!", "The hats are swappable. Problem Fixed.", "No Spy\n\nNo Buy", "We do have a spy. See **[here](https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151887840499079.1073741828.133811649078&amp;type=3&amp;uploaded=5)**", "Can someone explain what is going on with the sub today? ", "NECA / WizKids just [updated their facebook](https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151887840499079.1073741828.133811649078&amp;type=1), the set will be carried by ThinkGeek.com and the Valve Store this year!", "WHY ISN'T DEMO A KNIGHT?!", "All of the pawns should be snipers, and the rooks should just both be scouts.\n\n", "They got all the roles wrong though!\n\nPawns, fair enough. Whatever.\n\nKing and queen, medic and heavy. The king keeps the team together: the medic. The queen is the most dangerous piece: the heavy. ( most dangerous TF2 class is debatable, but for the sake of this, that's how its gonna be.) The medic hides behind the heavy for safety. But the heavy might as well not be there if he doesn't have his medic.\n\nAnother possible alternative for king would be engi, because he builds the kingdom. But I prefer the heavymedic pairing.\n\nSniper should be a long ranged piece, so rook is *okay*, but bishop would be better imo since corner to corner is longer in distance terms. It also alludes to how snipers like to sit as far back as possible for safety, and for the longest sightline. Picking off targets as they pass.\n\nScout, That's a difficult one. My instincts say whatever piece is fastest, but then I thought actually maybe it'd be a better knight, since they can jump over other pieces. But then knights are the third slowest piece... so I don't know.\n\nSpy, make him one of the pawns, he's weak in a head on collision but when he gets to the other side of the map he transforms and wreaks havoc.\n\nDemoman, I'd say rook. Has a good balance of offense/defense. Can charge into enemy territory and fuck things up easily.\n\nSoldier, I don't like soldiers so they should be the pawns before they turn into whatever the spy turns into. Fuck soldiers. (Alternatively, they could be a rook. Or a knight to represent their rocket jumping over people.", "I like your Medic/Heavy explanation.  Makes sense.", "http://i.imgur.com/CsLarxX.gif", "where can I get the class statues", "Those are actually really cool looking!", "NECA, please! ", "L1 Sentries should be pawns", "These are pretty cool, and I would love to see some made of the very similar classes from Monday Night Combat. Does anyone know if this company made these with proper licensing? Are they collaborating with steam/valve/anyone?\n", "Fuck you spy. I hate spies", "NECA is my fav company for action figures", "How I think they should be:\n\nHeavy - King\n\nMedic - Queen\n\nSniper/Spy - Bishop\n\nScout/Pyro - Knight\n\nEngineer - Rook\n\nSoldier/Demo - Pawns\n", "Scout should be the pawn IMO (move two spaces first)... Engineer the rook (teleporters)", "Wow these look awesome. ", "Nobody here thinks the king should be their intel briefcase?", "i think pawns should just be the logos for each team", "I wonder if you could get a chess piece hat with this. Perhaps have one style for each game piece or something.", "Let me know when it is out for sale.", "The pawns would look so cool if they were Lvl1 sentries or Dispensers!", "I'm disappointed the hats aren't removable so people can pick which class goes in which role.  Or design them so the hats are stackable and you can buy extra hats.\n\nHats.", "I love that they're all wearing hats that tell you which piece it is.", "pc!", "ITT: those guys should be these guys", "OP, NECA doesn't make the class statues.  They make the [action figures](http://necaonline.com/44343/products/archive/action-figures-archive/team-fortress-series-2-7-red-heavy-action-figure/).\n\nThe statues are made by [Gaming Heads](http://www.gamingheads.com/index.php?option=com_myphp&amp;Itemid=3&amp;product=84).", "Ttt", "Everyone is saying how they would assign them differently (based on each class' characteristics) but I like how it was done here- in the order that you see them on the class selection menu. It just looks right lining them up that way (to me at least).  \n\nEDIT: sorry, Spy  :/", "Chess HATS!", "I think I read somewhere that the hats, designating who is what piece, are interchangeable ", "This looks awesome, I need this!", "Mmmm, those are some nice hats.", "when is this shit coming out? I thought it was supposed to be out this summer.", "I love TF2, Orange Box for PS3 is such a good game collection to have!", "This could make for an interesting take on Chess. Each class has it's own perk, and can be coupled with the chess pieces to make for further strategies.\n\nNow of course if you don't want to ruin a perfectly good game like chess with that, that's cool too.", "Im kind of confused as to the piece and character correlation. My expectations were:\nHeavy - King\nMedic - Queen\nDemoman - Knight\nSniper - Bishop\nSoldier - Rook\nScout - Pawn\n\nFuck pyro I guess?", "I'd have gone with:  \nKing: Heavy - Must be protected. Slow.  \nQueen: Medic - Pairs with Heavy, fast.  \nRooks: Engineers - Relatively fast, with straightforward paths.  \nBishop: Scout - Fast, with elusive movements.  \nKnights: Demoman and Soldier - Indirect attacks and strange movement patterns.  \nPawns: Pyro - W + Mouse1\n", "I don't like the design to be honest. They're just TF2 busts with regular chess pieces stuck on their heads, which doesn't look right on some of the pieces, like the knight", "Fuck the Pyro", "King = Medic (needs protection and your push is over if he goes down. Medic vs Medic = stalemate)\n\nQueen = Heavy (natural mate to the king, is also the most powerful piece on the board)\n\nRook = Sentry/Sniper (cover strait lanes quite well. Not mobile or prone to frontline combat. Are valuable support to the other pieces)\n\nBishop = Scout/Pyro (fast, medium powered piece. Excels at flanking)\n\nKnight = Soldier/Demo (can literally jump over obstacles to inflict great damage, and then escape)\n\nPawn = Spy (dies easily and frequently, but if used in conjunction with other pieces can be a very powerful compliment for overcoming enemy positions. Can also become any other piece through infiltration)", "bishop is \"the crazy\" in most cultures, so a pyro/demo, it works, heavy is slow, so king, cavalry is fierce and independent, hmm medic? legit I guess, tower is a scout, good .. WAIT WHAT ?\n\npawns should be scouts, they are the front line and the try to reach the end of the board, and towers should be turrets\n\nalso soldier queen ? wuuut ? sniper should be queen, its the piece you protect in the back but still rampages from afar", "it should be:    \nRooks: Engi, Sniper(immobile until late game, defensive, but capable of massive kill range)    \nKnights: Soldier, Scout(the 2 classes that can consistently jump over people)    \nBishops: Pyro, Demo(like bishops, these classes work best when they out maneuver and flank their opponents, W+M1 will not work w/ these classes)    \nQueen: Heavy (Medic's butt buddy)    \nKing: Medic (kill medic, win game)   \nPawn: Spy (Pawns are the only piece in the game that can transform into other pieces, beyond that, they are terrible at fighting up front, and can only kill the side)   ", "/r/chessporn", "I thought pyro would be queen to conceal gender (but on the other team a king)", "I would've chosen different roles than they have based on the theme and in game purpose of each piece\n\nPawn=pyros. Relatively weak and needs to be close\n\nRook=engi and sniper both are relatively stationary with a large potential threat range\n\nBishop= spy and scout. Again large potential threat range and a fondness for slipping behind lines. Both are also large threats to engis and snipers (less so scouts to engis but hey I only got so much to work with.\n\nKnights= demo and soldier. Both can cause lots of carnage and use explosives to jump over enemies\n\nQueen= heavy. Huge threat and pairs well with medic\n\nAnd of course the medic is the king because everyone should protect the medic and he is kinda dangerous at close range", "Should be Stratego", "The scout should be the queen, what with all the moving around", "/r/tabletop", "Why is the castle not the engineer and the pawn is the scout??", "Anyone know when the series 3 of the 7inch TF2 figures will be out?", "Don't they have to license those? I assume the characters would be copyrighted. ", "Rook should be demoman; knight should be spy; queen should be medic.", "NEW HATS!!!", "Wow a class based chess game would be awesome", "The spy should just look like a regular chess piece.", "And in-game, the [Grandmaster](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Grandmaster) levels up as you gain kills.\n\nOh! I just got this idea: A mod for Team Fortress 2 that lays out a map grid like a chess board, and players are restricted to moving like Chess pieces, one player and team at a time. Two spectators hover over the battlefield and use team voice chat to tell their pieces how to move.", "Why not just make the classes relate to the piece, rather than having the piece above the class? Like, Scouts are pawns (because they can move 2 spaces early on and then die quickly [also first out the gate]), snipers are bishops (because they can make those cross-board captures through unseen lines), soldiers are rooks (I always pictured rooks as strong walls of power, and rockets are long range), queen is medic, king is heavy and knights are spies (because they have erratic movement patterns and go around pieces). I think that would have looked much cooler to be honest.", "We worked with Valve to make sure as many players would enjoy this set as possible. The idea was to make the pieces interchangeable, so that everyone can field their team the way they envision the pieces to relate to the characters. Also, this way, people can make up new/house-rules for the game to play it a different way.", "How many of each class are there? Could I have 16 scouts?", "Both Red and Blue have one of each character. The pawns don't use a character by default, but instead use the wrench and the grenade.", "Bishop, are you my mummy?", "[Game BOARD](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqtSDE261fQ)", "I have never come to know something in my life that I know I need. I cannot be complete without this.", "What, no Demoknight? ", "I still don't like pay-to-win games.", "Pyros should be the pawns. Always go forward.", "Love me some TF2. Cool stuff.", "If anyone really likes this, I highly recommend the mobile game Hero Academy\nIt's RPG/chess-like with a TF2 team that kicks ass", "Very much TF2 and, unlike most novelty chess sets, still obvious which piece is which. Nicely thought out designs.", "HATS!", "IMO it'd be cooler if the pieces weren't just painted full blue/red, but like how they are in-game.", "You have to look at it by piece importance before you overthink it with \"moveset\" comparisons. \n\nHeavy/engies:  rook\n\nSoldier: knight\n\nScout: bishop\n\nDemo: queen\n\nMedic: king\n\nAll others: pawns\n\nThis is the correct and most appropriate set. Spies, snipers, pyros... I'm sorry but these classes are useless in most cases.\n", "3d printer support?", "&gt; [Glad I can finally share board game posts with you!]\n\nWait, was there a time where you weren't able to?", "Scout should be queen because he's fastest class!", "But, who is red Queen?!", "How did engineer get pawn (no face mind you) and scout get rook?", "please tell me there is a way to make these on a 3d printer!!", "Guys, I just saw their post on Facebook.  You can swap the tops.  Any class can be any piece.", "So....are the top of these chess pieces going to become hats now?", "I appreciate the tops to indicate the piece. Often you see novelty chess sets [like this](http://technabob.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/super_mario_chess_board.jpg) and you have no idea what piece is what.", "[deleted]", "Glad you can post this (amazing) chess set. My Tag images didn't go over well despite being directly gaming related.", "Best part is, it's so much better on PC.", "Is this also a PC game?", "Yes, but how do we know these pieces are meant for gaming?  Maybe they're decorative.  I suggest you post a picture with the game happening or the mods may remove this.", "I would think the pyro would be the queen... the pyro has the most feminine features.", "The pieces are all wrong. Sorry.", "Nice but i hate chess", "this isnt gaming, its board games, there is a sub for that -my impression of the mods here", "I'm disappointed that there isn't a demoknight.", "I don't understand the fuss over this game.  It isn't particularly fun, graphics aren't spectacular, the characters are ugly and not enjoyable... I don't get it"]["I swear if you take my longest road card from me....", "Longest road is the foolish way to get a VP. let the others fight for longest road and win with cunning, malice. ", "No way, longest road is usually way to go, especially if you have good brick and/or wood deposits. Not only do you get the victory points but roads are great for blocking people's diligent expansion plans (while master-stroking yours). Usual victory formation = 3 cities + 1 town + longest road + extra town (final point usually) or development victory point card. Person with longest road wins probably 60-70% of the time, largest army 25-35% of the time, nothing 10-15%\n\nAlthough it ultimately depends on your starting location and most of the time the person with the best starting positions wins.\n\nThe game is pretty devoid of actual strategy though; often coming down to which dice rolls are hot that game.\n\nStill a lot of fun to play, however.", "You must not play with other ruthless people. The most important part of the game is the initial settlements. You have to be able to read the board and choose the winning strategy and play accordingly. This makes the social aspect play a huge role, just like on Survivor.\n\nAlso, it's almost always worth it to over pay for something now if it allows you to build than it is to wait. A lot of people build too many roads and aren't mature enough to wait multiple turns saving up for stuff that is more important. Basically, if you build two roads before you build a third settlement, you're probably going to lose 95% of the time.\n\nLuck isn't nearly as big of a factor as people make it out to be. It can hit pretty bad, but 90% of the time things are fairly even with the dice.", "Well I do play with some ruthless people. The problem with Catan however, is that halfway through the game you have 2 people who have a shot at winning and 2 people who pretty much are out of it, which takes a lot of the ruthlessness out of it for the two losers (maybe the 2 player expansion helps with this?).\n\nBut I mean, you have to build at least one road before you can even build your third town, so one more (road) isn't really gonna hurt (especially if you have good brick/wood spots to start - and the better tile is one more road away). Once you have 3 towns then its time to start connecting them/blocking/building to ports/going for longest road.\n\nNot really sure how anything I said conflicts with anything you said :/ Not like I said GO FOR ROAD RIGHT AWAY FORGET EVERYTHING ELSE! Just that it's usually the card that secures victory (as largest army can be a rather unpredictable venture), at least in my group.\n\n&gt;Also, it's almost always worth it to over pay for something now if it allows you to build than it is to wait.\n\nagreed\n\n&gt; Lastly, a lot of people build too many roads and aren't mature enough to wait multiple turns saving up for stuff that is more important.\n\nagreed to an extent, often times waiting and not using resources at your immediate disposal can be a detriment (especially later in the game when you've got 2 cities on 2 to 3 to 4 of the same frequently rolled number - and usually by that point people are done trading with you because, well, you have 2 cities that can get you 6-8 resources on any given roll). Use it or lose it.\n\n&gt;Basically, if you build two roads before you build a third settlement, you're probably going to lose 95% of the time.\n\nNah, like I said, often times it's better to wait a little bit longer early game to secure the much better tile spread with the extra length of road then it is to jump the gun and settle in a bad spot.", "I love seeing everybody's strategies, and each person says \"this one is the best\"\n\nIn my personal opinion, I think the best strategy in the game is \"Be Flexible\".  Never have a plan that takes too long to execute.  If you have a plan, it's going to get ruined by the time you get there.\n\nWhat i'm really trying to say is... Every strategy is the best strategy.  I've won with longest roads on heavy brick+wood.  I've won with just a cluster of settlements upgraded to cities (focus on wheat+ore).  I've won with development cards (which pretty much automatically encompasses largest army).  There's so many ways to win, and they are all great strategies, and that's why this game is so freaking awesome.  But like you said earlier, it really comes down to dice rolls.  Sometimes you can have great starting points, but for some reason, those sixes and eights you started on just aren't rolling.  But that guy over there on the twos and twelves, they just won't stop showing up.  It happens... I've seen it happen.", "under-the-table hand-jobs are always a solid strategy.\n\n\"give me like, 3 bricks and all of your wheat. and build a road over there.\"\n\n\"WHAT?! You're kidding m- whooeaaaooh I see... very well then.\"", "Does anybody need sheep?", "No one ever needs sheep, and if they do they wouldn't ever trade it 1 to 1 anyway. Bricks and Ore for life yo.", "Except every now and again, nobody builds on any good sheep because they figure \"Sheep is always the thing that people have extra of and give away, I'll find some\" and then nobody has sheep and we fight for it. ", "Or a 2 for 1 sheep trade route could totally turn things around.", "Unless you play with the Cities and Knights expansion as pictured, in which case half of your sheep winds up being cloth and you're still screwed.", "But with cities and knights you get 2 sheep *and* a cloth.\n\nEDIT: I was wrong.", "Isn't it just one of each?", "I don't think so. I could be wrong because I haven't played in almost a year, but it seems like it would be kind of counter-productive to only give you one resource even though it's a city.\n\n\nEDIT: After reading the actual rules, it is actually one resource and one commodity. I've apparently been playing it wrong this whole time.", "Well it's a good house rule if you want faster games. When I play with my friends it takes so many hours", "Yeah honestly I'm surprised that's the official rule. It seems like it would make the game go way more slowly than the vanilla version.", "I played Settlers for the first time ever about two weeks ago, with two friends and the parents of one friend.  A lot of resources were extremely hard to come by - almost nobody ever had bricks.  I had sheep.\n\nThen I got a trade route.  I could make bricks, and people wanted my bricks.  I invested by putting cities around my sheep.  Suddenly I had a massive influx of sheep.  I turned them into everything I needed to add a settlement, then turn it and another into cities.  I won entirely on sheep.", "In the Vanilla game, Ore and Wheat are king of all. If you can get at least one city on a good Ore/wheat spot, you've got the game in the bag. \n\nHere's the facts:\n\n * You spend resources to gain victory points. \n\n * The only two ways to increase your resource income are to build more settlements and upgrade to cities. \n\n * In order to build a settlement, you need access to 4 of the 5 materials.\n\n * In order to upgrade a city, you only need access to 2.\n\n * **It's not possible to win the game without any ore.** You can build 5 cities, get longest road, but in order to gain any of the other point methods, victory point cards, armies, cities, you need Ore. There's the 4:1 trading method to get it, and sea ports, but that applies to every other card as well.\n\nHow does this all break down in a real game? It's simple; you get a decent roll, and say you play against people who don't know this strategy: You place yourself in a pretty good position to get Ore. If everyone knows and uses this strategy, the game is pretty much decided by dice role.\n\nFirst thing you do is upgrade your settlements to cities to increase your resource income. Once you've got ore and/or wheat coming in at a good rate, use the 4:1 trading to get sheep or use these resources to acquire sheep from opponents; as they tend to be considered more valuable than sheep (which are only useful for settlements and development cards).\n\nNext, never stop buying development cards. It's your turn, you've got enough for a development card? Buy it. You will inevitably get largest army, since knights take up most of the deck, you'll no doubt get more than a few. Hang on to them, and only use them if your opponents put the thief on your income. \n\nYou might come across a victory point card. Score. \n\nIf you get year of plenty, use that to get wood and brick, enough to build a road, so you can build a settlement thereafter. \n\nIf you get monopoly, hang on to it until you see a buildup of whatever resource happen. 2 of the last 3 rolls have resulted in 2 people getting brick, that's your time to call in all the brick. Same goes for wood, or Sheep. \n\nUse trading at 4:1 or with other players to get the resources you need to build that settlement.  Upgrade that to a city at your first chance. \n\nBy that mid game point you should have 3 cities, 6 Victory points. If you've been playing your cards right, you should also have at least 1 victory point development card, because there are a few. If not, you should be well ahead of your opponents, and they'll think their 4 settlements + longest road idea is better than your condensed 3 cities plan. \n\nThen you start using your armies you've acquired non-stop, you'll probably have 4 or 5. Even if its not impacting you, you use it to steal from other players. Keep track of who gets what, so you have the best chance at stealing what you need. You can either go and buy more development cards, or try and invest in another settlement. \n\nYour 3 cities + largest army gives you 8 points, at which the final 2 points are easily acquired by either expanding and dropping settlements wherever (even on the desert if need be), roadbuilding development card will make this easy, or you obtain the victory point cards and just flip them over.\n\nIt's OP. ", "Sounds boring though, I like expanding my empire on the map :(", "**Warning content may contain overload of passion.**\n\nI play a ton of board games and one time when introducing the game to some people I was a Shepard (I put my starting settlement on 3 sheep tiles then went to a trade in 2 sheep for anything and it had a sheep tile on it as well) So for my 2 settlements I had 4 sheep tiles and I won the game off of turning my settlements into citys and getting development cards.\n\nAlso Sheldon shouldn't of went for a road then tried to make a city cause he's just wasting resources (Citys do not require brick or wood)", "You're in too deep, son. Too deep. ", "Well, his smiles do go far.", "My friends refer to having 4 or more of one resource from your starting settlements as being a \"Cocaine Cowboy\" for that resource.\n\nex:  Awww shit!  SmilesGoFar is goin all Cocaine Cowboy on the sheep, make sure that motherfucker doesn't get near the sheep ports!", "I did this once!  I pretty much won the game off of development cards.  Pissed everybody else off big time.", "I always play the Sheep Strategy. there have been games where i have had 6 settlements/cities on 2 hexs that were both sheep. it was wonderful! ... I don't win a lot. =(", "If I have three sheep, three grain, one ore and one brick I would offer up the brick-for-a-sheep trade.  ", "Need sheep for those devo cards.", "Believe it or not, I won a game once solely relying on sheep. I built a sheep empire, somehow managed to get most of the sheep tiles built cities on them and then proceeded to use the 2:1 Sheep port I had to secure my victory. I built a sheep Empire, I was the sheep kingpin.", "Don of the sheep mafia.", "I call this \"The Sheep Master\" strategy and I too have won using it.", "Wood for sheep!", "Wait... Do you have wood and want sheep, or is it the other way around?", "You know how many times I've traded a sheep for a sheep because of this problem?  Too many.", "I have a running joke that I will never trade for sheep from one of my friends. \"Once he's had them, I don't want them.\"", "Maybe he gets wood for sheep?  Settlers Kiwi edition.", "You mean Wales?", "I have wood for sheep usually but right now I'm playing Catan and I just need brick. ", "Every time I am teaching someone the game I always say\n\n\n\"Make sure you are really clear what you selling and what you want to buy. Saying 'sheep for wood' is really confusing\"\n\nThey always ignore me, and there ends up being a bunch of 'sheep for sheep' trades and many laughs. ", "I've got you covered!", "I once built an empire of sheep. We had the comfiest wool roads, wool clothing, wool houses, but the wool ships didn't work out so well....", "You might want to include [largest sheep army](http://www.lookhuman.com/design/7491-largest-sheep-army) into your rules.", "Do you call it wood or timber? ", "Sticks", "Shrubbery", "You called?", "Another one, sir?", "We made a house rule that if somebody was able to get 20 or more sheep, they could turn them into the bank and become \"Sheep Lord\". The Sheep Lord was allowed to take away another player's settlement. It made things a lot more interesting considering we've only had one person successfully become Sheep Lord so far.", "My sheep prices are un-Baaaalievable! ", "I've lost friends over that trading away 6 ore and using monopoly to get it all back bullshit.", "Omg I'm doing this ", "One time I got like 6 wheats monopolized, traded in a bunch of my other cards for my wheat and in the next turn got it monopolized again :(", "There is a special place in hell for people like you. ", "Don't hate the player, hate the game.", "I've found it's easier to hate on a person rather than an inanimate object", "When trading with people with secret cards, I generally include a clause in the trade about that.  a \"no monopoly\" clause.", "Why have I never thought of this?", "Holy shit, best protip ever.", "I think cities and knights is the best board game expansion ever. Makes an already amazing game completely new. ", "Cities and Knights is by far my favorite, although seafarers is decent as well. Not a fan of the Caravans.", "You can combine Cities and Knights with Seafarers. You're welcome :)", "Combining the two is a fantastic gaming experience.", "With 6 players, 8 cities for each player and until 20 PV.\nAnd that's another game we'll finish after the 8am Algebra course :)", "Ya that's a lot of fun. Or combining Rivers of Catan with the Fish expansion. Love combining expansions.", "I play almost every week with seafarers, C&amp;K, Rivers and Fish.\n\nWe have worked out the best board shape and tile selection (Similar to the pure random 4 player board in the seafarers manual, but some of the wheat and sheep replaced by gold and some of the water removed to make space for the rivers and fish lake) for our group and randomly place tiles to make new and somewhat organic islands each game. \n\nWe adjusted the rules for the gold resource so that instead of receiving a free resource each time the hex is rolled, you instead receive one of the coins from Rivers of catan which felt a little more balanced and realistic. As usual coins are traded 2:1 of what ever resource you like making the gold hex a little less OP however they also contribute to wealthiest/poorest settler and are safe from robber attack still making the gold hex a very valuable strategic resource. \n\nWe used to play Event cards, but that ground the game down to a snails pace with the additional events so we ditched it. ", "So many expansions now? Last time we played there was only C&amp;K and seafarers. Sounds like things have gotten a bit crazy. ", "I haven't played these games but I'm curious, how did it change the game?", "Cities and Knights adds depth and layers of strategy to the game. You get cards that can really change things in/out of your favor. Like Inventor: Switch two numbers(that aren't 2,12,6,or 8) or Merchant: worth 1 victory point allows you to trade 2:1 of whatever resource it's placed on. And there's always the threat of the barbarians that can destroy cities if you don't have enough active Knights to defeat them. There's a lot more but it's a good start. There's also pirates!\n\n\nSeafarers is fun because a large portion of the 'map' is undiscovered  and as you venture off your island you explore the sea and discover new areas and islands that you can build upon. ", "Wait... you get a victory point while you control the Merchant?\n\n", "Could someone explain? The name of the board game is not even in the title.", "The name of the game is Settlers of Catan", "And it has expansions? How much does it cost to set yourself up with the full experience, with all the add on content? And where can you find real life friends to play with?", "pick me I'm a real life person!", "Okay, that's two of us. ", "So many expansions, and if you're getting the 4-6 player add ons it can get pretty pricey. My roommate has probably spent over $400 on the game and expansions. The core game is about $40. 4-6 player expansion is around $20 and each expansion will be another $40. A lot of gaming stores will have game nights where they play this and other board games if you want to play with new people.", "I don't think I've ever been to a FLGS that doesn't have a board game night.  The turn our isn't always the best everywhere but usually it exists.", "Iphone app. WORTH IT.", "What is the name of the actual app? I looked up \"Settlers of Catan\" but there only seems to be apps that assist you with the actual board game in generating odds and numbers, etc. \n\nIs the game itself available as an app?", "Yes it is the full game and I believe it might be just called \"Catan\" I deleted it to make space for the iOS7 update and haven't redownloaded it.", "Zelile already gave you the name, I'm just gonna add on it's one of the best board games ever. Ask your friends if they have it and if you can play it, if no one has it chip in a few bucks each and go to your local hobby store to pick it up, it's worth every penny.", "Also, in reference to the \"Intense Multi-player action\" in the title, this game has the capability to make you fight with friends you have NEVER fought with before.  THAT is how intense the action can get.", "true true, I think I've been in more fights over Risk, though :P", "It also features aspects of diplomacy never seen before. So many games have been won or lost because of coalitions, grudges and outright wars", "Can it be had cheaper online, or does it have to be a hobby shop? Because I've been to hobby shops and they charge professional prices :(", "Completely disagree. Every game of Cities and Knights I've played turned into a completely grindy suckfest that wasn't even fun.", " My problem with it is that it takes an hour per turn lol", "Ah. It's always a 'friendly' game of settlers.", "I have lost more than a few friends over this game.", "Board games are the true tests in every relationship.", "I've had just the opposite finding, made a bunch of new friends who are all so super nice no one wants to stab each other in the backs. It's mildly infuriating to play this game and people trade you what you need knowing you will win next turn.", "Yeah well making friends is easier because you don't know them very well and even if they want to fuck with you, you just smile and move on.\n\nBut when you're playing with a long time friend, you get to yell WTF BRO WHY THE FUCK WON'T YOU TRADE ORE WITH ME at the top of your lungs. That shit can wreck friendships.", "Easy solution here. Beat them mercilessly. Then gloat really hard afterwards. Repeat. For bonus points, try to sow dissent amongst the other players during the game (and then turn that to your own advantage, of course).\n\nWith a little time and dedication, I guarantee you can get rid of the niceness.", "I would add Mario Kart to that.\n\nBlue shells end friendships.", "in mario kart wii - i turn the weapons setting to aggressive.  There are lots of blues shells.  and more of the badass weapons, too.", "Christ, I'd hate to see how many you'd lose if you played any traitor-type games.\n\n\"You're the Cylon!\"\n\n\"I keep telling you, I'm not the Cylon, I'm just horrible at this game!\"\n\n\"Sounds like something a **CYLON** would say!\"", "Which is why sometimes you have to play [Pandemic](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandemic_(board_game)) so that you're working together for once instead of screwing each other and trying to sucker someone into trading you 3 ore for one sheep.", "Except Pandemic is so damn hard, you'll all just end up hating life... At least you'll hate it together though I suppose", "Me and my group of 3 others finally beat Pandemic with 5 Epidemics. We focused on getting one color to each person while keeping diseases controlled and if needed letting things outbreak if it was the difference of trading a card (unless there would be chain outbreaks). We had the Medic, Dispatcher, Quarantine Specialist and Operations Expert. Our problem was always running out of player cards a turn or two before curing the last one or two diseases so we made a conscious effort to trade cards and not have players trying to get more than one cure at a time. Hope you guys save the world also check our /r/boardgames", "[Arkham Horror](http://www.fantasyflightgames.com/edge_minisite.asp?eidm=6) is also a fun cooperative game.  \n\n*I! I! Cthulhu Fhtagn!*", "Forbidden Island is another good co-op game that requires teamwork and strategy. If you have one particularly dominant person in the group, it can become 'their' game, though.", "I've been thinking about getting Pandemic. Is it worth it?", "Definitely. It's challenging, replayable, and it'll take a concentrated team effort to win. Make sure you work together or you're doomed. ", "Friends come and go, victories last forever.", "I'm usually in the position of yellow on this board. After I start building, at least two other players always conspire to cut me off and leave me locked in one tiny corner of the board.\n\nOh, and I'm also not allowed to quit the game early, because that's bad sportsmanship, and I'm not allowed to try and help the player who didn't cut me off to win, because that's kingmaking, and is bad sportsmanship. Absolutely **nothing** wrong with intentionally teaming up from the beginning of the game and spending all your time ensuring another player has as few resources as possible though. That's veeeery sportsmanlike, apparently.\n\n...So many 'friends', gone.", "\"I need wood!\" Everyone giggles. Everyone.", "\"I have wood for you\"", "\"I have wood for sheep\"", "If someone doesn't make at least one wood joke throughout the game you're doing it wrong.", "-brick for ore?\n\n\n-yeah right here dude.\n\n\n-No.  I have ore.  I need brick.\n\n\n-FUCK YOU DUDE.", "I floop the pig.", "If you think settlers is good, I highly recommend the board game Puerto Rico.  It has become my new favorite, a title that Settlers held for years prior to me playing it. ", "I fully support this statement. I too was an avid Settlers player. Then you play a game like Puerto Rico and realize how luck-based Settlers can be. Now me and my friends generally only play heavily skill-based games. Truly outplaying someone trumps outrolling them. boardgamearena is a great way to find them too.", "***** It actually is a console game, not the Cities and Knights but you can download  Catan on your xbox and play online. Lots of kids rage quit when they are loosing and you often have to play with AI but still a good time. Games go much faster, usually takes about 30 minutes.\n\nhttp://download.xbox.com/content/images/66acd000-77fe-1000-9115-d8025841083e/1033/screenlg1.jpg", "But then how are my roommates supposed to flip the board when I turn over 3 victory point cards I was saving and win unexpectedly?", "Post (  in chat.", "Better yet.. PLAY IT ON PPPPPPPPPPPPCCCCCCCCCCCCC!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nplaycatan.com offers the regular board game free. You can pay monthly subscription ($5) to play all expansions (C&amp;K, Seafarers, ect..)", "Just for completeness, there are also android and ios versions of the game ~~with online play~~.\n\nedit: mistake.", "I've never seen a single other person to play with on there. I wish it would let me and my husband play against each other...", "Almost lost a friend over this game simply because I bribed one of my other friends to give me the resources to stop the almost-lost friend from having a monopoly on wheat. Good times.", "yeah, my friends dont like it when i cheat either.", "Is that cheating? I feel like its an essential part of the game.", "\"That's Catan\"", "You can trade any amount of resources for any amount of resources, you cant just give resources away for nothing though. As far as making arrangements tied to the trade, not sure on that one.", "Yeah, that makes sense...\n\nNot stopping me from giving away four coal for a sheep.", "what game is this? seems interesting", "Settlers of Catan", "And down the rabbit hole you go, sir!  First, you break away from the mainstream with Catan, next thing you know you're binging on Runewars for 8 hours while furiously planning the next time you can get together to play Arkham Horror!", "This pretty much is what happened to me, though Munchkin was my gateway game.", "Nice, Munchkins is a great game!", "God Arkham Horror is great. \n\nI only have one friend that has it and he doesn't like to play too much because he kinda burned out but I still ask every time we have game.night at his place ", "*I! I! Cthulhu Fhtagn!*", "Runewars? Please tell me more", "[Runewars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOFwbI2S2AQ) is a fantasy war game made by Fantasy Flight Games.  You play as one of four races as you try to conquer the land by finding runes.  You have heroes you can send on missions, armies you can send into battle, and rounds of diplomacy.  Be careful though, if your food runs too low, you won't be able to feed your armies.  It's a pretty good game, the combat is a little too random for my liking, but the theme sticks really well and is guaranteed to give a good time.\n\nI like to call it \"Twilight Imperium lite.\"  It is made by the same company and uses similar rules, but adds a lot more complexity and the theme is in space instead of a fantasy world.\n\n[Here's Runewars on Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Fantasy-Flight-Games-Runewars-Revised/dp/1616615605), if you find a group of 4 people who are interested in it you can each pay $15 to get it going.\n\nTwilight Imperium will run you way up, since it is much better with the expansions.", "Friendship Destroyer II: The Expansion. ^^^Settlers ^^^of ^^^Catan", "If you enjoy Catan, check out /r/boardgames for recommendations on other games you might enjoy. Board games have come a long way in the last 15-20 years, and are a lot more interesting and challenging than Monopoly and Risk. A lot more fun too. ", "Settlers of Catan, this one specifically is the Cities and Knights expansion for it.", "Settlers of Catan, come check out /r/boardgames if you're interested in boardgames.  Whether simple, complex, thematic, or abstract. ", "Where's the PC?  Is it hidden somewhere?\n/sarcasm\n", "^^It's ^^in ^^front ^^of ^^you.", "MIND BLOWN", "BGMasterRace ", "As a PC gamer and hobby programmer, it saddens me how much I prefer board games over their PC countertypes.", "Well of course you prefer board games over their PC counterparts, the tabletop is a board game's native platform!", "playcatan.com", "I play on my iPhone...where is your god now!?!?? ", "Unless you get built into a corner on the first turn of the game and spend the rest of the game with fuck-all to do.\n\nsource: I was built into a corner on my first turn of the game and spent the rest of the game with fuck-all to do.", "That's when you spend the rest of the game attempting to screw over whoever boxed you in/blocked you as much as possible. Roll a 7 ? Rob and block them, use whatever you can to make them pay for it. That's how I enjoy playing Catan.", "I have a record 25 win streak against my family. They squabble over the longest road card every. single. time.", "This picture is staged; nobody has turned their cities into swastikas yet", "\"Why do you keep getting cards?\"  \"No reason\"  20 minutes later.. \"FUCK YOU!\"", "Serious question. My brother has asked for this for Christmas.  (I am a poor college student, and he is too).  I have been unable to find it for sale under $40. Any suggestions or websites that have it for less than $35-$40?", "You can get the travel edition of the base game for $21 on Amazon, including shipping.  Teeny tiny, but same game, all the pieces.\n\nWhat is this, a board game for ants?\n\nhttp://www.amazon.com/Settlers-of-Catan-Portable-Edition/dp/B00028X3ZO/ref=sr_1_15?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1384890251&amp;sr=8-15&amp;keywords=catan", "You should trade something for it.  I'm sure on /r/boardgames someone would trade one for a sack of potatoes at this point.", "Games for boars? Take that, you pig!", "Amazon has it for $37.99 with prime (Perhaps you can sign up for the student trial membership?)\nAnd if you don't mind used copies, Board Game Geek has a  [marketplace](http://boardgamegeek.com/geekstore.php3?action=listforsale&amp;gameid=13) for games, as well as [links](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/13/the-settlers-of-catan) to ebay listings on the games page (below the description.)", "Everyone I know hates this game and wont play it with me.", "I HAVE 6 SHEEP JUST GIVE ME THE GODDAMN WHEAT", "My friends just introduced me to this game and they're all hardcore about it. I realized that I'm probably not going to win so I try to make the mos time fun out of it by pitting everyone against each other. I'll make any trades no matter how bad for me. Then I watch as everyone else on the board starts arguing with each other and think I'm incredibly bad at the game, but secretely enjoy the chaos I've created.", " Ah. Settlers of Catan. Goes well with LSD.", "Intensely boring, and I'm actually a big fan of board games, just not settlers for whatever reason.\n\nBust out Carcassonne for a great time", "God I love this game. One of the best strategy games ever. ", "Sadly, there's too much luck involved in Settlers to give it such a name. There are hundreds of board games that require way more strategy from a player than Settlers. It is a fun game though.", "This game ends friendships. ", "Not nearly as much as Diplomacy, where back stabbing your friends is actually part of the game and almost required to win. \n", "It is required if you want a chance. There's no friends past the first winter! \n\nSerously, how long did you think I'd put up with your shit Britain!", "Wheat = Golden Grahams \n", "[Boooooyahh](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;ei=-8OLUtnkBKy6yAHZh4H4Dg&amp;url=http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DPdXo4m5Q7g8&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0CCgQtwIwAA&amp;usg=AFQjCNFK_AwnFNMQN42X2c6zII-LAUu9mg)", "WEIRD. my friends came over last night and taught me how to play. I've already set the board up and am waiting for them to come over so I can get sweet retribution. ", "I played this twice on Sunday while watching football. On the second game the guy on my right had 9 points to my 5. In one turn I built a road for longest road, a settlement, a city on a separate settlement, and bought a dev card which was a victory point for the win. Needless to say it was the greatest game I ever played, and the guy to my right was heated. \n\nI fucking love Catan.", "You can never have enough ore, it's literally always in demand! At least when I play", "I love strategy board games! Catan, Carcassone, Kingdom, the Germans get that shit right.\n\nThey got it so right, [they are their own genre now.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German-style_board_game)", "HOOORAAAAY for Cities and Knights. Most of my buddies cant focus on a boardgame for 2 hour + however have no problem gaming for 6 hour +. Then again my other buddy went out and bought all expansions for Catan. \n\nOpposite ends of the Cataniverse ", "I got in to a debate once about what a \"short\" game was.  We wanted something quick to play so I suggested Catan since it only takes about an hour instead of the days that others can go on for.  Apparently, \"an hour\" was not \"quick\" to my friends.", "There's a table in that picture. Tables can be used for things other than gaming.", "A board can also be used to slice bread on. You should at least have a picture of you playing it (with friends and such) for it to be gaming related.\n\nI fear the mods will remove it soon.", "The real way to win this game is to win, but without everyone hating you. ", "I got wood for sheep.", "I was expecting Hungry Hungry Hippos.", "Best game ever", "My friends and I started calling this game \"Assholes of Catan\" after playing a few games. Go hard or go home, not a game for pussies. ", "They have this on Xbox Arcade.\n\nI play once a week with some friends.", "Roll dice.\nDraw cards.\nPlace pieces.\n\nAbout as 'intense' as Monopoly.  It's a fun game, but you ought to try something like Ghost Stories if you want something that's both challenging and engaging.", "You've obviously never felt the rage when someone blocked your attempt at building a road to the sheep port.", "my family is always way to intense about this game. It's no fun to play. I usually collect only sheep and live the life of a herder", "Great game!", "*please be hungry hippos, please be hungry hippos*  \nOh ;(", "There is a version on steam.\n\nAs well as I think a free online version as well.", "My friends play this during our game nights on the weekends, I always skip out...Guess I'll have to try it now", "I would believe it if a couple told me this game was the cause of their divorce.", "Have you guys seen the Star Trek edition!?!?", "I played the Star Trek one for the first time last week in my game design class. I never really got into board games before, but that class enlightened me. This game, Resistance, and Battlestar Galactica are some of the most fun games I've ever played.", "What is coincidentally nice...XBLA has \"Catan\" that is identical to the RL board game..it's a little slow with the computer trading etc...but it's not a bad game ;)", "I got this for a christmas swap and have yet to open it. Good game?", "Just trade with me dammit! Take my god damn sheep and give me wood!", "I have been called worse things over a game of Catan than anything I have been called over PSN playing CoD.", "What is this game?", "Oh catan how much I miss ye", "Because fuck putting the name of the game anywhere in the title, picture, or first 100 comments.  Jesus Christ.", "Hey, be careful! Board games can be used as excellent writing surfaces. I'm not sure they qualify.", "You guys probably aren't huge fans of shameless self plugs, but the great times I had playing Catan were actually a huge motivator in my wanting to make a social, multiplayer-centric card game:\n\nhttp://www.kickstarter.com/projects/825840561/heroes-battle-card-game\n\n", "But it is a console game....", "The Friend Breaker.", "Ah the game of erection jokes.  Who's got wood?", "SETTLE DOWN!", "ROCK FOR THE ROCK GOD. SHEEP FOR THE SHEEP THRONE.", "That fucking stranger (white piece) is the bane of my life. Many a road and settlement has been halted do to him. ", "For some reason, I always think of William Shatner yelling \"CATAAAAAAAAAN!\"", "This should suit you then:  http://www.catan.com/game/star-trek-catan", "Everybody, EVERYBODY! I got wood.", "Haggle with the knight. ", "I always talked shit about Catan because I thought it looked stupid. Then I went to my cousin's house and played it with him and his wife, and I will admit that it's probably the most fun board game I've ever played. We played vanilla and a few of the expansions too, and all of them are amazing. Now I gotta introduce my girlfriend and our friends to it too, get some board game nights going. ", "I love this game    ", "JUST bought the 5-6 player expansion for C&amp;K. Pumped to try it out this weekend with a full board!", "So many friendships broken. Even more have been lost to this game then mario party.", "catan always gets real.", "I  lost 3 friends thanks to this game.", "Yeah, I have this on 360.", "My father and I love board games.  Outside of Monopoly, Scrabble, and Trivial Pursuit (or as she calls them, the \"smart\" games), we can't get my mother to play too many others.  Somehow, we convinced her to play Catan with us and she loves it.  Never has a game gone by, though, where it doesn't end with her cursing and getting ready to throw the tiles across the room.  Of course, it doesn't help that my father and I get a kick out of placing the robber by her most profitable towns...", "Fuck this game! I always lose!\n\n*pouts*", "I was waiting for a boardgame to be posted with all this nonsense going about!", "I love this game!", "this has caused a few fights in our friends circle. fuck this game, i love it but i always lose ", "How did I not see this coming? It was the second post I read after the \"board game\"  slip up. ", "If I could ever find someone that plays this, in Houston....uggggggh\n\n", "I wanna try this game so bad! \n", "Don't forget about the PC version! http://www.playcatan.com/", "http://pio.sourceforge.net/", "Many a friendship has been strained by those accursed hexagons. ", "they seem to be playing one of the expansions, It's not just regular Catan.", "I'm surprised I still have friends after playing this in college", "The first time I played, I instantly set out on walling off half the map from my opponents.\n\nI won handily. Now they refuse to play against me.", "Never played this one, but the very few times I've played GOOD well made board games I've realized how intense and competitive they can get :), definitely some good fun for when you have a couple hours to kill", "I will trade you a mystery card for a mystery card?", "Cities and Knights!", "This game is terrific :3", "My college roommates and I had some pretty intense settlers of Catan disputes... ", "Settlers becomes so much more fun with some very simple house rules:\n\n    Roll 3 dice, pick 2.\n    On 7s you move the robber, steal a resource, and forfeit the rest of your turn.", "And I thought you were going to refer to this game....\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/fjUG2i2.jpg", "Looks like you are playing cities and knights. Have you ever declared a double wedding? You will gain lots or resources and lose lots of teeth", "I prefer the PC version.", "Totally looks like a Psychonauts level.", "2 sheep for 1 wood?", "Catan! Was I introduced this by friends and totally forgot about it! I'm gonna buy a set now :)", "I must be the only person who finds this game massively tedious.", "I totally recommend buying all 3 expansions (Seafarers, Knights and Cities, and Traders and Barbarians) and then playing one massive, epic game utilizing all expansions at once. It's outrageously amazing, you'll never be the same after playing SuperCatan, as I call it.", "Lmfao, this is the best game to lose friends over. This game is way more worse than monopoly", "Introduced my wife to it last Friday.  She is now hooked and wants to explore other tabletop games.  FTW.", "Seafarers &gt; Cities &amp; Knights", "I wonder if anyone has ever been stabbed over a Settlers of Catan game. ", "This almost ruins friendships. There is nothing worse than having that one friend who QQs all game and ends up winning", "Own about 80 board games, and definitely never settlers.\n\nIntense Multi-player action?  \n\nCosmic Encounter. ", "My girlfriend discontinued talking to me for 2 days because she got mad at me when I won for flipping over 2 victory points when she was at 9 points. Thanks settlers!", "This game annoys me because its so easy to win. Esoecially if people are selective trading in alliances. ", "\"I'll trade someone sheep for wood\", \"okay\" , \"no I wanted wood, god damnit\"", "I floop the pig! ", "*The conversations that play out while playing SoC*\n\n1) \"Hey, Need sheep?\"\n\"Don't kid yourself Jerry, No-one wants sheep.\"\n\n2) \"YOU CUT OFF MY ROAD! PREPARE TO DIE!\"\n\n3) \"I rolled a Seven, You know what this means..\"\n*Loud groans from the others*\n\n4) \"I swear to god, if another seven is rolled...\"\n  \"Hey, I rolled a seven!\"\n\"...Fuck you steve.", "It's an all right game, but it just basically boils down to whoever gets to choose their starting location first... and whoever gets the best dice rolls", "My buddy bought me Star Trek Catan for my birthday a a few weeks ago. It was my first time playing any Catan game, and it's awesome. I really, REALLY like it. Never win, but enjoy the experience of... waiting for resources. Last night, we rolled ONE 6, through the whole game! Just one! Gah.", "EVERY DAY I'M SETTLIN", "What game is this? I can't seem to find the name amidst all the sheep comments.", "A really fast way to get other players to not want to trade with you anymore is to pull the Harvest card (I think it's called that - been a while) and wait until you make a roll where everyone gets a ton of a single item.  You then play that card immediately, which lets you take all of that single resource from everyone else's hand.  Then when you never get invited to play again you can sit at home and weep over your lost sheep...I mean friends.", "Monopoly card      Love this game", "Combine the Seafarers expansion with the Cities &amp; Knights expansion and you have one hell of a game. Loads of scoring options and strategies to be tried to come out on top.", "I'll build my own city with sheep and cloth.", "I love settlers... so.. sooooo... much", "Settlers!", "I see you have the wooden parts. The plastic ones suck.", "This game is garbage compared to Game of Thrones board game.", "My friends and I love getting absolutely stoned then play. It makes for a really intense experience ", "I would just like to point out that one of the best apps on google play is Settlers of Catan. Sorry if this ruins anyone's life and or battery power.  ", "Woooo! Board Games!", "First time i played the game i won. \nIt seems controlling three adjacent forest tiles gets you everything you want. ", "This game has broken so many friendships...", "It is a console [game.](http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/Catan/66acd000-77fe-1000-9115-d8025841083e)", "More like murderers of my people!", "/r/boardgamemasterrace", "I always like convincing new players that picking a high number or low number tile is the best option (instead of 7-9) when starting the game. *rubs hands together mischevously*", "Andy?", "You have absolutely got to combine Cities and Knights with Explorer's and Pirates. It takes a bit of tinkering, and the game lasts hours, but my god, it's great.", "Have yet to play this and want to.", "Never before has my username been relevant to a conversation. Now I know how people feel. It's exciting!", "What game is this? I wish people stopped assuming everyone knows everything about every game ever made.", "Rule 1: roll seven\n\nRule2: don't not roll seven.\n\nEverything else is irrelevant.", "Friendships will be made and broken... mostly broken. ", "that cities and knights expansion?", "Catan is the Monopoly of our generation. It's also a kinda boring and simplistic game once you get more into board games. Though, it is an excellent \"gateway board game.\" Pandemic is another, though I don't really enjoy it. ", "settlers!!", "The luscious island of Catan! So plentiful, so full of prospect; yet it can undermine a lifelong friendship and warp it into a vengeful hate. ", "I own this game. I'd there an expansion I need to make it not boring?", "it also has roughly the same amount of swearing\n", "Ah, Settlers. The only game during which it's okay to say, \"Hey, I'll give you some wood for your sheep...\"", "You could have the best friends possible, but as soon as you begin playing they will inevitably become cut throat bastards", "I have never played that kind of games, but it looks great.", "I love the base game, which expansions should I buy?", "This may be a dumb question, but what game is that?", "What game is this?\n\nOP left me in the dark here.. The game looks rather interesting. I enjoy all-out war games involving resource management. ", "It's always so weird to me that there are still people who play Catan locked inside that tiny little world border. The tiles are interchangeable hexagons for a reason, you can make any sized/shaped world you want!", "I can't play board games with my friends because they screen-watch too much.", "flip tables. end friendships. ", "You my friend need to play it online.", "Describing it: \"It's the greatest game ever!!! So many choices, so much skill, beautiful experience!\"\n\nPlaying it: \"Fuck this shit. Another 11. Seriously another fucking 11. Your numbers are bullshit, you have no idea how to trade, you don't deserve to win any game ever. Fuck. This. Game.\"", "Love this game! Munchins is also fantastic", "WOOD FOR WOOL", "Fuck this game.", "It's funny to notice that even with all the circle jerking and mob mentality going in r/gaming to day, we still don't get to have the FUCKING NAME OF THE GAME IN THE TITLE.  ", "Thats Catan, right? Always wanted too try it but all my friends have zero interest in it.", "Douchebagery in it's best:\nDominate a resource,\nTrade out a ton of said resource during turn for awesome stuff,\nPlay monopoly for said resource.\nI need to make a rage comic for this.", "Just seeing this picture reminds me of Ben's bachelor party on Parks &amp; Rec", "Fuck I hate that stupid game", "I got wood for your sheep.  Game takes me back", "devo cards all the way", "I could not play that game with my college roommates without starting a fight because people were starting alliances. ", "I played one time. One time. \n\nThe two girls who had played before teamed up as one player. They explained only the basics to the rest of the new players. The basics did not include longest road, construction strategy, or that the dots on the board represented the probability of particular die rolls. \n\nOblivious to the relative value of resources, or rate of procurement. What followed was the most boring drawn-out loss to the tune of two girls complimenting each-other over their every move. \n\n* \"Ohmygod! That's what I would have done!\" \n\n* \"What are you going to do next? - Oh you know what I'm going to do. - That's what I would have done! You're so smart!\" \n\n* \"Does anybody have an ore? We are the only ones producing bricks, so we'll trade one brick for two ore.\"\n\nJudgments were had. ", "Do I spy Ben Wyatt in this pic?", "I have the same version with the stupid lock in place ocean tiles. My buddy has an older version with the ocean tiles as hexagons and it makes for much easier set up and less readjusting the board as you play. Why they made the switch is beyond me. ", "I'll just go ahead and leave this here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfAJnf8DHLk", "Wrong.", "Post picture of a game.  THIS IS A GAME.  Front page.", "Try this game: Clash of Cultures\n\nIt's a civilzation board game. It plays like a cross of Catan and Risk.\n\nhttp://www.lesludopathesnantais.fr/IMG/jpg/clash_of_cultures_pix07.jpg\n\nhttp://www.lesludopathesnantais.fr/IMG/jpg/clash_of_cultures_pix10.jpg", "You know, this IS a PC game. It should really be getting more upvotes.", "I feel I must leave a reference to Carcassonne too. To me those games go hand in hand as a must for any gaming night.", "Expected Hungry Hungry Hippos. Came away disappointed. :-(", "I cant play this game because it makes my friends fight :(", "One time I was playing the game with three friends.  Friend A needed wood and promised friend B he would move the thief off of his red number land if he traded him wood.  After a while, he convinced friend B to trade and they did.  Friend A kept his promise and used the knight and moved the thief onto Friend Bs other red land.  There was much rage that night.", "Banned.", "Oh yeah, oh *yeah*, because I love this game. Nothing's better than a game with multiplayer action that ends in hurt feelings, tears, shattered friendships, slammed doors, drunken fights at two-thirty in the morning, families splitting, longstanding feuds, shouting matches, and all the associated horror of a fractured family.\n\nThis game seriously is the bomb.", "What game is this?", "Is this game any fun I've always wanted to play", "I like board games I really do. But this game is awful. It's soooooooo boring. ", " I love this game. When our 3rd player wasn't available we had to invent new rules to play with just 2.  Can't wait until all the cousins pull it out at Thanksgiving after the table is cleared. \"You'll give me sheep for ore? Are you kidding? No one want sheep. They're SHEEP.\"", "Best board game ever! But I never get to play it because I'm no longer  friends with the people who I used to play it with... lol.", "Can we have a table top day on this subreddit? Seeing what everyone is playing with friends could add some great games to my collection.", "I miss playing this every weekend :(", "\"Ok.... Ill give someone two bricks for one wheat.\"\n\n        -\"No dude you're like, winning.\"\n\n\"What about two bricks and two ores for one wheat?\"\n\n        -\"You're just going to get a development card and win!\"\n\n\"I only have seven points! You guys never trade with me when I'm doing well!!\"\n\n*a seven is rolled and the other players move the robber from the leader's most productive spot to his second most productive spot*", "And it had hexagons long before Civilization got them!", "I desperately need this back in my life", "Best Board Game Ever!  So much so it deserved caps on ALL da words!", "I can vouch for that!", "But the cardboard is so hard to keep straight! Hoping my Hexals show up soon.", "Heard this game was better on pc.", "Definitely... Me and my husband play with me sister and brother in law and it can get really tense.", "I cannot understand all the downvotes. Catan is *easily* one of the best games of all time.", "This game makes me hate people even more than Monopoly makes me hate people.", "Anybody have any wood? I need wood. Can someone please give me their wood? \n\nSuch a great game to play when you have immature friends. ", "Is that how Catan looks like in the US? And how does that pirate thingie work? I've never seen that in my life. Is that some new version? ", "CATAN!!!", "MY WOOD. YOUR SHEEP", "settlers catan are for board game noobs like korbel is for people who first learn about \"champagne\"", "I'll be the guy..\nAre the mods become more lenient and friendly towards non-console material?", "Thanksgiving was almost ruined thanks to a low down played Monopoly Dev Card.  Gawd I love Catan.", "My all-time favorite Catan dis, 'your mom's a wood port'. ", "TIL \"intense multi-player action\" exists solely in games played via consoles.", "I have no interest at all in console gaming, but Catan. Fuck yes.", "The game to break all friendships....\n", "Sorry, you might be able to eat dinner on that table.  Im going to have to delete your post.", "Ugh, goddamn Settlers. I've played a SHIT TON of games (grew up as the son of a game reviewer) and Settlers is (to me) the Beatles of board games. I can respect it's technical quality, but you wont find me playing it.", "Real socializing in gaming, extra points for the beer!", "Catan ruins friendships, I've only played it once, and now all I do is browse reddit.\n\nBecause^all^my^friends^are^dead", "I've heard about Catan for some time before it hit Brazil's stores early this year. I've got one as a birthday gift from a cousin, and I've played much less matches than I wished to. I've had games with 2 and 3 people. Problem is, I really think it's a very good tabletop game, but I still just can't find WHY it's supposed to be fun, because no one I've played with, myself inclued, had much fun with it. Am I missing something?", "Last time I played this I was dubbed Mother Russia as literally took a player and made him part of my territory. We kept calling him Lithuania. The other two were America and the UK, AKA Roosevelt and Churchill.  There was wine. We were drunk. When I lost because of my shitty drunk math skills to America, they called it the fall of Communism. Fucking America. ", "Playing a game with the other players all around you is always the best way to play, and board games are always that way. Online gaming is great because you can have way more people, but unless everyone is communicating like they would if they're all in the same room, then it just isn't the same (although when everything falls into place online, it is fucking awesome).", "Sooooo,\n\n if a mod deletes this post, does that mean [r/boardgames](http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/) gets banned?", "My first game, the person teaching me the game convinced me that my 3 wood were an easy to get commodity, and that he would be nice to the newbie and trade me one ore for them. I have never forgiven him. ", "So happy to see this pop up on reddit.", "Why isn't Ben Wyatt or Tom Haverford in this picture?!", "I have Never lost this game. One of my greatest life accomplishments! ", "Got wood?", "And if you don't have any friends, check out http://www.brettspielwelt.de/ , the people that play there are pretty hardcore(and friendly) when it comes to the classic boardgames.", "Hello settlers... Good bye friends!", "This or Catch Phrase with a room full of drunk people.  That could get dangerous quick!", "There is also a single player XBL arcade version of this that is fun to play if you don't have a copy of the game and friends to play it with", "It's even better when you make it a drinking game. Just put a shot glass in place of the knight and whenever you move it onto somebody's resources they have to take the shot and give you a card. This quickly becomes a rough game for the person with the best set up.", "Settlers of Catan is a good game but it doesn't even crack the top 100 on boardgamegeek.com.  It is a great starter game to get introduced into the world of strategic boardgaming.  It has too much of a luck factor for my taste.  If you want to find some other great board games, start here:\n\nhttp://boardgamegeek.com/browse/boardgame/page/1?sort=rank\n\nIf you are looking for fun but very challenging boardgames, I highly recommend these:\n\n* Puerto Rico\n\n* Agricola\n\n* El Grande\n\n* Race for the Galaxy\n\n* Twilight Struggle (2 player only)", "I wish I knew ppl that play games like that lol\n\n\n\nI wish I knew how to play games like that too", "I suck at that game", "TIL in r/gaming, everyone has played more fun and advanced board games than I have ever played...and to think I thought I was a boss at chess.", "Best. Game. Ever. ", "What is this??", "Does someone know if the portable version is the same as the real version? I was thinking about buying the portable version, just because it was cheaper, and I could bring it when I go camping and such but didn't because I didn't know if it was just like it.", "\"I WILL ACTUALLY SUCK YOUR DICK FOR SOME GOD DAMN LUMBER\"", "\"I have wood looking for sheep\"", "This is Catan, right? I've always wanted to try it, but first I'd need friends willing to :/", "I recently played for the first time and had a blast! There were 6 of us, which I guess is too many, I spent most of the game just trying to keep my little section from being taken over.", "My favorite trades that I have witnessed:\n\nTo complete a trade, one player agreed to shave his head.  The other person agreed.  He completed the trade, got a settlement, won the game, went out and promptly shaved his head.  \n\nThe other one I've seen was a young lady offering a lapdance for a brick.  Another young lady accepted the offer.  She ended up tipping her an extra brick.", "This game is so damn amazing, one of my favorites.", "This is better than console games.", "Never settle for less.", "Gotta hit that D... card", "Can we not start this again?  People post pictures of board games, and no real discussion happens.  If we want to discuss boardgames, let's go to /r/boardgames where actual discussions happen.  Otherwise, let's just leave /r/gaming to video games. ", "My house has about 3 different extensions. They are all fun. I love Catan. My family likes to make the game our own way though. Like flipping the numbers over and not being able to see what each number is until you build on it. More of a gamble. \n\nWe do quite a few things custom. Great game. ", "It's crunch time, I am one point away from winning with no more room to build. I am counting on a VP development card, neck and neck with another person in the room. My girlfriend says, \"oh I didn't know you keep the knight when you pull it\" I say, \"yeah you do but it's not really important unless you suddenly get two more right now or something. Just wait\" but she won't have it. She goes to the deck of cards, shuffles through it, and reshuffles the deck. My next turn I buy two development cards and they're both *shit*, turn goes by other friend wins and my gf completely fucked me and I didn't talk to her on the whole walk home. ", "I'm just going to go ahead and recommend Twighlight Imperium as a FANTASTIC multiplayer game. It's a very long (14+ hours was our last one), tactical and political game which can feature large fleets smashing each other and that's always fun.\n", "I read the title and thought is was hungry hungry hippos lol...", "Not as good without the dlc expansion.", "The only way I can prepare to win a board game is to understand I may lose a friendship/disown a family member.", "What is this game? It seems similar to a game I got for Christmas called \"Seven Wonders\". Anybody want to help?", "\"Anyone got wood?\"", "THIS IS THE BEST GOD DAMN GAME THAT HAS ALMOST RUINED MINE AND MY BEST FRIENDS RELATIONSHIP. AJ I LOVE YOU BUT MAN THIS GAME MAKES ME SO MAD AT YOU. \"yeah I'll trade you for 2, no wait make it 3 ore\"", "You can play it online for free!! playcatan.com\n\nBest board game there ever was....the fights that this game causes....NO MARC, I WILL NOT GIVE YOU TWO WHEAT FOR TWO WOOD! YOU HAVE 8 POINTS.\n\n\n\n", "i hate that damn game", "My first and only time play The Settlers of Cataan so far was this past spring. It was my sister's wedding, and we were playing lawn and board games after the ceremony and banquet. Some of my sister's friends, my two brothers and I all wanted to play a board game together, but we didn't know which one. I saw Cataan and was like \"dafuq is dis?\" so one of the bridesmaids(a friend of my sister's, who was playing with us) was like \"omg we have to play this!\" And I was like \"sure okay\" and then my oldest brother explained it to me, equating it to RTS games(I played Emperor and Starcraft a lot as a kid). I was pretty enthusiastic to actually try this game out. The game lasted hours and hours. After a while it started to get dark and we were like \"Let's turn on some lights.\" After trying with futility to turn them on, we realized the power was out, and we had to light some candles. This only made the game better later. Cataan by candlelight is definitely the highlight of my year, hands down.", "My family plays this all the time. One game my brother and died got in such a big fight over it my brother left and stayed at a friends for three days.\noverall awesome game!", "\"Settlers of Catan\" making you question your friendships since 1995", "So what game is this. Looks fun", "trails and rails anyone?", "upvote for.... being right? \n\nCatan 4 life.", "Settlers, one of the few games where we can start arguing before we even start playing.", "Was expecting hungry hungry hippos. Was disappointed ", "Had quite a blast this summer playing with my brother. We continue online on the weekends.", "My favorite way to turn friends into enemies.", "I'm trading bricks for sheep. No... I have the sheep. I want bricks. Ok. DOES ANYONE WANT ANY OF MY GODDAMN SHEEP?", "I am sorry but which game is that? ", "Is that little black canister with the white label from a dispensary ?", "Connor, Hale, Eddy, Sam, Amelia, Gabe? Which one of you is this? If it is one of you, douchebag-Dhavy says hi.", "[$16.99 for the full game on Steam](http://store.steampowered.com/app/239410/); comes with both Seafarers and Cities &amp; Knights addons and THEY'RE NOT EVEN DLC.", "I've been in a multi-day relationship fight before, all because of sheep.\n\nGoddamn sheep.", "we sometimes play the regular game on occasion. Well, someone brought over cities and knights and we didn't know what we were getting into. 3 1/2 hours later half of us (6 teams) were just giving shit away and trying our hardest to get someone to win. So let that be a warning before you sit down to play the first time: **CITIES AND KNIGHTS CAN TAKE HOURS TO FINISH**", "Sheepsheepsheepsheepaheep...", "Fuck this game. I never get any damn sheep.", "Whenever I play catan it feels too short, what am I doing wrong!?", "...What game is this and where can i obtain?", "The game that ruins friendships..", "If you like settlers of catan, try Puerto Rico.", "Hold on, did you guys just give this guy 2,358 upvotes for posting a picture of settlers of catan?", "I have wood for sheep!", "Used to love that game till my friend found out how to win pretty much every time.\nJust keep getting the random cards, almost always worth it, plus their easy to get.", "The power was out for 2 days in my house and I played this nonstop", "Before starting any game of settlers, my friends and I would sing the theme song to Pinky and the Brain replacing every line with \"we're settlers of catan\"", "thats actually on the Xbox LIVE Arcade", "ascension, and descendent are both very good board games", "This game is how friendships end.", "This game ruined so many nights because of my overly competitive friends. \"if you give him sheep I swear I will shove the thief in your face for the rest of the game!\"  \"oh I'll just put the thief here so as not to piss anyone off...\"  \"give me your logs and I'll give you a blowjob tonight\" etc etc. ", "K I haven't seen a post about it yet. There's about 5 or so expansions. Can anybody who has played all of them tell me which one is the best and why? Also, is there an expansion where you could destroy other peoples settlements?", "Never played it. ", "The Settlers of Destroying Friendships", "You guys don't even know... Go check out BoardGameGeek. Settlers is like baby food, and there are a lot of better board games.", "Is this the game Ben Wyatt played on Parks and Rec for his bachelor party?", "Those disheveled stacks of cards are making me cringe. \n\nNever start off the game without brick or lumber. You will hate yourself.", "I have never hated my friends more...", "CATAN!!!!!! u sir get an upvote", "I thought that game had some balance issues. \n\nRNG tiles. \n\nRNG turn order.\n\nResource monopolies. ", "Change the name from Catan to \"I Want to Hate My Friends Today\"", "Catan is just the beginning....", "Wow, way to talk about the worst \"non-family\" board game.", "This game, albeit very fun, is really annoying to play because strategy is such a small part of the game. No matter how good or smart you are, you know pretty much how the game will end at the very beginning. Still, very fun to play to waste time.", "Man...I've been seeing posts about Settlers all day today across multiple subreddits. What's up with that?", "Pretty sure I have played in on my 360 before.  ", "I just fell in love with whoever you are", "Maybe I am dumb, but Ibplay this on Xbox all the time.", "D&amp;D and a board game on the /r/gaming front page? I'm not sure what's going on right now, but I like it!", "Is that a medicinal herb container in front of the person in white?", "Yolo strategy: only buy development cards ", "I need some wood! ", "Came here expecting hungry hungry hippos, but was glad to see Catan", "This Brings Up Memories.", "Economics 101. ", "Todd please stop posting about Settlers. I know it's you. You're blowing up my facebook feed about it every day.", "A good friend and coworker of mine probably has about $400 or $500 in Settlers of Catan stuff.  All the expansions.  All the extra pieces.  He even bought a second set of the expansion that takes it from 4 players to 6 players and painted them different colours so that we can play 8 player Catan.\n\nTruly epic.\n\nBoards usually take up the entire dining room table, and are hugely complicated - multiple islands to sail to, volcanoes, deserts, oil wells, hidden tiles, and so many extra rules it'll make your head spin.\n\nThree or four people could have completely different strategies and all be in the running for victory.\n\nOh, and we often play to 18 victory points.  One time during Hockey Day in Canada we played to 21.  \n\nI look forward to Catan night more than any other gaming that I do.  \n\nThe only downside is that if I play somewhere else, say, a friendly game with my wife and my parents, it's not quite the same.  Vanilla Catan is kinda like ice cream without the sprinkles.  Still good, but you want something more.  Bigger.  "]["I thought i recognized this collection! Streets of SimCity was kinda a dead giveaway. Hi LGR!", "Greetings!", "Omg I thought that was you!!!  Damn, I think that means I've definitely watched too many reviews.", "Now I'm reading every single one of your comments in your voice.\n\nAlso, I want that Compaq-Presario 425.", "Screw that.  I want the Ti 99-4A.  I learned BASIC on that thing.", "I thought so! No one else would showcase Streets of Simcity!", "Tagged as LGR. I think the Fallout box and TI computer box did it for me.", "I think you're awesome, just saying.", "Ahhhh I knew it was you as soon as I looked. Hi! I love your videos. Oddware especially is a treat. Keep on being awesome and doing that dead on Duke Nukem impression!", "Thanks, I've no plans on ceasing the awesome!", "Just want to say that I've watched every single one of your reviews.  You're videos are so well put together, and for someone who never had a DOS machine growing up, they've helped me fill the voids in my gaming knowledge.\n\nThanks for it, man!", "Yah just as I thought LGR! I'm going to have to check-in your channel and see what's new", "I also first thought 'ive seen this collection before..' can you elaborate on where?", "[I run this channel focused on classic PC games.](http://www.youtube.com/user/phreakindee)", "Just by looking at several of the titles there I'm definitely going to check your channel out! This brought back so many awesome memories if hours spent on old adventure games. Good times, good times. ", "Thanks, I appreciate it, and I hope you find something you like!", "Of all the days to introduce people to your channel, it was on the day when your new video was a Playstation Barbie game.", "Holy shit, I remember watching your old PC review years ago! I was looking for your channel ever since. Just commenting to let you know that you're awesome", "Your comment has been met with much appreciating.", "Re-volt &lt;3", "I realized it was him by the Fallout 1 box on the front. Btw LGR, I also have the Wolfenstein/Doom shrink wrap combo, but I kept mine sealed!", "Haha, I don't blame you. If I hadn't found mine for so darned cheap I'd have kept mine sealed, too.", "That little hexagonal radioactive thing on the left is what tipped it off for me. What is that from?", "Wow, that's got me beat! Some crazy-great games there.\n\nI thought I was doing good with http://jax184.com/pictures/house/2011-02+/Living%20Room/T1i_9772s.JPG", "Still some incredibly respectable titles, and man, I just love that setup in general. Those workstations... have a Sun SPARCstation 5 myself!", "Awesome collection both of you. I would have something similar but I always had to cull my favorite from time to time for room (my mother would get mad about it). So many classics, I sunk a ton of time into Streets of Simcity and SimCopter. Caesar series too (and Midtown Madness!).", "I wish I had kept my old boxes...so many games over the years.", "Who signed the Octane? What does it say?", "I think it says \"Stay Frosty\" I dunno what the signature is though..", "Gavin Blair, creator of ReBoot and Beast Wars. It says Stay Frosty. They used SGI computers to render the show.\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJiUQfplJQY - I caught the moment on video!", "You mean an SGI Octane? Can't find it in the picture.\n\nedit: Shit, you weren't referring to OP's picture. Nevermind.", "I spent so many countless hours on a dial-up modem playing the original Tribes.  Still my favorite FPS game of all time (also played the hell out of the RPG mod when it was created and that's what got me into RPGs).", "Me too! It was my favourite game of the period. I'd just played the original Team Fortress, and while I was blown away by the online aspect, I thought the graphics were nauseatingly ugly, and the maps far too small and claustrophobic. So Tribes was a breath of fresh air. ", "hey man, lets play some tribes tonight...", "Wow an old Silicon Graphics Inc comptuer - I remember my dad had the Indigo 2 back in the day.", "Two, in fact. The one beneath the monitor is an official Nintendo 64 development kit.", "Oh man that is awesome!! You're my hero. My pop started on Alias Wavefront way back when, and got me into Maya when I was 17 - I'm working fulltime on 3D animations now. I love to remember where it all started, with the old folks!", "That is awesome. Love the SoundBlaster. Wish I kept my stuff. It was pretty much nothing but Broderbund and Blizzard though. ", "You know what made me nostalgia hard?  Not the games...the freaking power-strip thing under the monitor.  Man oh man, I remember that well. :)", "I never see Homeworld in any of these collections, impressive they may be. Really makes me sad to think a whole generation will never experience the story line from that game.", "No Myst 5? Can't say I really blame you. Very linear progression compared to Myst and especially Riven.", "Where's Diablo? Gotta have some Diablo. ", "Loom!  Loved that game.", "Syndicate! That's one I totally forgot about!", "Fake, everyone knows you weren't able to play games on the PC before valve came out with steam 2-3 years ago.", "Plus another proof that it's obviously fake - every PC gamer is a pirate, so there is no way he would have such collection.", "Fake #3: PC Gamers have to spend a fortune constantly updating their machines - so he wouldn't even be able to afford shelves to put all those fake games on.\n\n**MYTH BUSTED**", "Fake #4: PCs use up so much power, there's no way he could play all those games without the feds thinking he was growing weed or something and throwing him in prison.", "Redneck rampage...owned", "*Git off my land!*", "Can someone please explain this one to me?  I know it's a joke, but I think I'm missing the reference.", "b.. but how is my steam account 7 years old?", "SYNDICATE!!  that box is soooo massive ", "Massive box for an amazing game!!", "God damn I loved that game.  Although, I will never forget the rage I would feel when the stupid car would not go where I wanted it to go because of the street layout.", "Aww man. SimCopter and SimTower were my shit back in the day.", "There's a pot of gold underground.", "So. Many. Elevators", "I miss these days, steams great and all, but the boxes really made it feel like an adventure you where beginning.", "Yeah, that PC section of Walden Software (that's right, where my old(er) people at?) always seemed a lot more impressive. ", "BABBAGE'S!", "And don't forget the predecessor of GameStop. Electronics Boutique. And ebgames", "FUNCOLAAAAAAAND!", "Got my Game Informer sub for 10 bucks :) ", "EB Games never went anywhere, that's all we have here.", "Yeah eh.", "It's owned by Gamestop now, they just didn't rebrand it everywhere.", "GameStop was around at the same time, they  bought EB. Also Software, Etc. That store was the shit.  I still think there is one Software, Etc in existence, but they were also bought out by GameStop. ", "Fargo, ND. ", "I remember standing on line with my dad to buy Windows 95. The lazy ass made me install that mountain of floppies.\n\nEDIT: spacing -,-", "how does one \"stand online\"? :P", "Where my CompUSA people at?!", "I remember when my mom finally brokedown and got a pc with a CD Rom drive (yeah, that old...). Every time I got a good midterm or report card, I could get one computer game. I was a terrible student, but I'll never forget the time I played Diablo at a friend's house. My next report card was straight A's. My parents thought I had turned a new leaf...I just wanted to kill zombies. ", "Haha. Video game success story you are.", "Hey, I still graduated high school! It wasn't that I didn't get the material, it's that I didn't want to do homework. \n\n", "Used to go there a lot as a kid. And when the PS3 came out, I got one in Dec at a CompUSA cause by then no one ever thought of them.", "It was a sad day watching the stores get liquidated while shutting down. At least you can still go to tigerdirect and get stuff, but why bother really. Sigh... ", "That's where my family always knew to find me.", "I remember Walden Books having a software section, but never seen a Walden Software.  Walden Books introduced me to Zork (well, Infocom in general) on my TRS-80 model 4p.", "I used to shop at Software, etc., the gaming section at the back of B. Dalton.  Distinctly remember buying the Bard's Tale there.", "Egghead Software.  Rack upon rack of enticing art and imposing business software boxes as large as backpacks (to hold the manuals).", "And the game manual.  My brother and I used to fight over who got to read it in the car on the way home from the store.", "Things I somewhat miss: Snazzy cases and manuals.\n\nThings I do not miss: Having to go digging through a mountain of boxes because you forgot to write down the CD key or you misplaced install disk 3 of 4.", "Yeah, or having to find the 4th word in line 5 of page 64 in the manual.", "\"Where's my Mechwarrior manual?  I need to look up two codes to start the game!\"\n\n\"Have you seen the Secret Weapons of the Luftwaffe decoder ring?  It was right here yesterday?\"\n\nThings I don't miss.", "The art on these boxes were heavenly! I remember getting angry when I was a kid upon seeing the 3D art on these boxes, buying the game and popping it into the family PC to see bird's eye view or 2D ;_;\nRegardless,the game boxes were amazing. Also, video card box art was sick. Ruby and ATI :O", "I always remember buying a new game and then going home in the car/bus and reading the manual, that was the start of the hype train. Man dem memories...", "Yeah those days were g.....\n\n\nPLEASE INSERT DISC TWO", "Yeah true, I miss my boxes. I actually had gotten too many at one point and cleaned my room up luckily I didn't throw them away. I just made a chinzy way to compress them.\n\nI started taking the filler out and anything not interesting in the boxes, and folded them down into a storage bin now if I want to take things out I still can without having it take a huge amount of space up.\n\nWhen I was doing this, a lot of my multiplayer games came with Mplayer and Heat ads/coupons. Funny to see those old names ", "I know them feels. There's just something so much nicer having a tangible, physical thing in front of you to interact with...", "Don't forget about new game smell.  mmm", "You can order boxed PC games online you know ...", "10/10 would seed all 900mb's of it.", "I buy the physical copy of Blizzard games for this very reason. I love their collectors editions especially.", "It's all part of the experience. You put emotion into something you own. It's tangible, you can touch this physical thing. You truly own a part of an experience that was crafted for you. Whether it was the smell of the fresh box art ink, newly pressed paper or flipping through the manual.\n\nYou don't get this with a digital copy. You own an instance of the game but it doesn't carry the user experience that a physical copy does.\n\nI too love Steam and what they bring to the table, but I feel it cheapens the experience. It becomes a game in itself of how many games you can own. Quantity over quality.\n\nSame reason why Tool won't release their music digitally. MJK wants people to feel the joy and excitement of holding something physical that they've made and crafted.", "Upvote for **Riven**! One of my favorites!", "[This](http://www.starryexpanse.com/what-is-starry-expanse/) may interest you.", "This is really cool -- thanks!", "Hell yes! The whole series is amazing. The vibes I get when I play that game are unreal and oh, so creepy.", "RE-VOLT. Best purchase I ever made at an elementary school book fair. ", "Same here! Loved that game.", "Re-Volt was one of those games that you'd be playing all night long and kept telling yourself, 'just 20 more minutes' and next thing you know its 7 am. I had it on PC and N64.", "I loved this game so much !", "Even LGR is raking in that karma!", "If there's a chance to get classic PC game boxes noticed, I'm all for it :D", "Any Sierra games? kings quest, heroes quest, space quest? God, I love them all.", "The whole top shelf on the left bookcase, and the third shelf down on the right bookcase, and many more in storage not shown!", "I even see LSL. Nice!", "Can't believe his parents let him buy that unless he's even older than me.", "Leisure Suit Larry!", "All about that Lords of Magic dawg.", "Don't forget Quest for Glory.", "Oh shit Full Throttle....I loved that game ", "Maybe my favourite game of all time! Wish it would get remade as an open world RPG, love that game so much!", "Give em hell, Polecat. ", "Now there goes some bikers I could ride with! The intro to Full Throttle was unbelievable for it's day, such a well written story!", "Loved Revolt.\n\nWish they'd have continued the series.", "I'm just surprised that anyone else played that game!", "Why? It was fun. Loved the music. ", "I suppose I'm surprised because I got it pretty late in the game. Picked it up from a discount games bin for about $5, and no one that I mentioned the game to had ever heard of it. Yeah, the music was great! I especially liked the soundtrack for ghost town.", "lol! I lived the menu music and had it in rotation on my MP3 player!", "And yes, this is (about half) of my PC collection. [Full-res version since imgur compressed it.](http://www.flickr.com/photos/phreakindee/10948060155/sizes/o/in/photostream/)", "You need to build yourself some bookshelves. Or like, I dunno, find a game store that is closing and get theirs. That collection deserves a nice showcase!", "I'm *dying* to know what 3.5 and 5.25 floppy disk goodies you have in those cases there... \n\nJust.. can i be your friend?", "HP Vectra. I haven't seen those since high school. /nostalgia\n", "Are those two Commodore 64's?\n\nHoly shit, right in the childhood!", "Omg Falcon 30.", "you might be a good person to ask since I've searched for this game for over 8 years now and can't find it.\n\nIts a tycoon type game where you have to setup your business.  You can connect supply lines from factories to your warehouses and to your stores which then sell the product.  I remember there was clothing, sporting goods and a bunch of other products you could sell and you had to base it on demand in certain areas.\n\nHave you ever played this game and happen to know what it is called?  Probably came out around 1998-2001.", "Syndicate is one of my all-time favorites. Also Syndicate Wars. I got rid of all my boxes once I moved to another place. It just takes too much room and is a hassle to move.", "Do you have Alf's Geography or Treasure Mountain?", "I have Alf's Arcade Game and both the DOS and Windows Treasure Mountain!", "You know, I love seeing this collection. I love seeing people that hold onto things, and make a point to display what they love.\n\nBut do you really need to hang onto all of the cd rom drives on the left there?", "\"DVD\"  ..........found your electricity enabled apocalypse porn stash!   haha", "What is the black console(?) under the Dreamcast in the bottom right corner to the left of the SNES?", "Oh wow - you have the original LucasArts Classic Adventures box (Loom, Monkey Island, Indiana Jones &amp; the Last Crusade, Maniac Mansion, Zak McKracken). It must have been popular back in 92 since it was such a great deal, but yours is the only copy I've ever seen other than the one my dad brought home back in the day.", "The game and box contents of Dynamix's \"Red Baron\" changed my life.  That game is why I love WWI aviation, got me into RC planes, and is why I became a mechanical/aerospace engineer.  Hell, I work for Fokker!  \n\nThe box, besides being extremely sturdy and cool looking, included WWI maps and *TWO* historical information manuals and one game play manual.  Those historical books, man, I must have read them 100 times.  The game, itself, also had tons of information about the planes, the pilots, historical battles/events, etc.  \n\n[Have a look.](http://i.imgur.com/jMGdVmd.jpg?1)", "oh wow, totally forgot this game. hours spent at a friends house playing that.", "Ahh, did you try [Wings of Glory](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wings_of_Glory) too? First game my father bought me when I was 7, and I played it every day even though I barely understood what the characters were saying. I do to this day remember the names of most of the WWI aircraft because of this game.", "I like that plush spider :D", "Thanks! It's a hand puppet, actually, so you can seriously give your arachnophobe friends a nice jump-start to their day.", "Is it a Sectaur toy?", "LGR Puppet Pals? PLEEEEEEAAASE?", "Midtown madness 2 was my favourite game for years. I think a demo for it was the first thing I ever downloaded.", "EARTH SEIGE 2! My first ever Mech game.", "Holy shit.  I thought they only made one copy of that game and I had it.\n\nI was shocked to see it in this collection and delighted to see I'm not alone.  I LOVED that game and I have yet to find another mech game that I enjoy as much as this one.", "Came here for this! I'm not disappointed.\n\nChalk another kill for the good guys!", "Oh Man midtown madness was the best racing game back in the day.", "Bestever!\n\nIf you played either MM1 or 2 on Zone much at all, chances are we've played together at some point.", "I loved driving the big f250 up the wrong way and crashing the other cars out of the race ", "LEISURE SUIT LARRY !!!!!!!, ME AND MY FRIEND WOULD ASK HIS MOM WEIRD QUESTIONS UNRELATED TO ANYTHING LIKE \"WHAT IS LOU GERRIGS DISEASE ....so we could later answer those quesetions on LSL to raise the naughty level :P awesome game ", "Upvote for Clint.", "Those weird ass Eidos boxes. I remember those terrible things.", "Wasnt Riven like 15 disks?", "Only 5 CDs! The PC game with the most discs I'm aware of is like 6 discs. Of course, floppy disk games are another matter entirely, and sometimes had 15+.", "Phantasmagoria, FMV extravaganza and big brother to 7th Guest came in at a whopping 7 discs.  EIGHT!!! discs if you played it on the saturn.", "Oh nice thanks for that! Impressive collection im all nostalgic now", "I seem to remember the original pc final fantasy 7 coming with a lot of CDs.  May have only been 4 or 5 though.", "Awesome collection, do you still have the TI-99/4A computer?  That was my first computer with a whopping 16K RAM.  Good times.", "That I do! Computer collecting is another hobby of mine, I've got around 50 or so.", "Awesome.  I love your YouTube channel, very informative and entertaining.", "Anything else from the era? I've got a C64, TI-99/4a, TRS-80 CoCo2, Coleco Adam, Mattel Aquarius and an Amiga A1000.", "That was my first gaming .. ummmm ... console?", "Motocross and Midtown Madness! :D &lt;3 ", "Where are the space shooters?! I don't see Wing Commander, XWing, Tie Fighter, or Descent anywhere!\n\nEdit: spotted descent! \n\nEdit2: falcon 3.0 I played the shit out of that as a kid. ", "Tie Fighter is in there near the top.", "Good eye!", "They're all in there somewhere! Some of them are behind the front-facing boxes, and I think the X-wing games are in storage.", "Yes! My childhood was me sitting on my dad's lap while he played Wing Commander and Doom. Soooo goood!", "On this episode of hoarders...", "Big props for the Sierra games. I go back and play the old Leisure Suit Larry and Police Quest games every once in a while.\n\nI also heard that there might be a Gabriel Knight remake coming out next year which would be awesome.", "Sim Tower was boss.", "Loved that game.", "I have a similar collection! Love old game boxes. Some pics are bad, but whatever, just showing off because it's related to the thread.\n\n[http://imgur.com/a/QLw2m](http://imgur.com/a/QLw2m)", "Are those all PC Gamer? That's incredibly impressive!", "I hope you dont get an earthquake!", "Ah Leisure Suit Larry. I remember as a young boy I thought I could get some kind of fapping material from it (when all I back then was distorted porn channels I was pretty desperate). I remember being both disappointed and surprised at the time.", "I love how your xbox 360 is a cooling fan for the PS3 :)", "The TI-99a is epic", "OK, I'm really curious about what the Sonic &amp; Garfield Pack is and how such a thing came into existence.", "Warcraft Battle Chest?", "Dude.  I need to play sim ant but can't get it to work on windows 7, with dosbox anyway... I think I may need a win 95 pc to play all my old games.", "Might wanna try the DOS version, which works perfectly in DOSBox", "I love and played most of those games!  The first one that caught my eye though, A-10 Tank Killer.  So much fucking fun.", "I see u own kings quest. Good lad", "You know it's really the sense for presentation that separates the collector from the hoarder. ", "I wonder what you could be doing with all of that wasted space.", "Clean that room up, it's a bloody mess.", "In the middle of a move, mate :)", "OMG MIDTOWN MADNESS", "Earthsiege 2 was so much fun! Consider this my \"This game deserves more credit\" post...", "YES! First thing I noticed was ES, Es2, and Starsiege sitting next to each other! I STILL have my Starrsiege beta disks in my old CD cases from when  I got into the closed beta, and the ATR 1 and 2 both still run on Windows 7!(With some work) I love the software only renderer of the ATR 1!", "An impressive collection, but all you really need is Riven, Wolf 3D, Sim City 2000, Oregon Trail, and The Sims. Especially Riven.", "Riven is there. So Is Wolfenstein.", "All the ones I listed are there, I was just commenting on a few of my favorites being in the collection. ", "Ah, my miscomboobulation. I have to disagree with you, you also really need the Infocom collection and Lemmings.", "Sim. Motherfucking. Ant.\n\nThat game REALLY needs a digital re-release.", "life and death FTW!", "I can smell this room ", "Best feeling in the world bringing home a game in a box", "I bet most of those games work or have a way to work too with your current PC.", "All but a small handful of them, yes. And with those, I just grab a cheap older machine and there we go. Gotta love it.", "DOSbox tends to work fairly well for playing older PC games, in my experience.", "I can't seem to find Diablo.", "Right bookcase, second shelf down, far left, beside \"HELL\".", "", "Ah there it is.  I was looking for that as well.", "New gamers will never know the satisfaction of these oldschool game boxes... They had manuals (like big manuals), extras like novels maps or whatever. Since dvd cases, a part of original pc gaming died me thinks!\n\n\nPs. I just remembers the manual that came with falcon 4.0. It was so big and full of info, that if someone told you that it was a manual for the actual f16 plane you could believe him!", "They will, but they're all marketed as \"limited\" and \"collectors\" editions now.  They recognize that the majority of gamers don't care about such things and that just as many people will buy their games without any niceties. It sucks for those of us that appreciated the high quality, but they haven't disappeared entirely.", "Except the days of the big heavy manual like the Falcon 4 are gone for good now, even with special editions.  It's much easier to fill those now with cheap figurines and concept sketches than employ someone to write a proper manual.", "Somewhere along the line this person crossed the threshold from collector to hoarder.", "Beneath a Steel SKy.\n\nHoly crap I had forgotten all about that game!", "It's either free or super cheap on gog ", "If you have an ios device you can buy it in the App Store. ", "I never completed it, but I loved playing it. It was awesome.", "Not to alarm you, but there is a massive spider in your room!!", "Hell yeah, sim ant. Watch out for those ant lions.", "OMG!!! Sim ant. I really wanna play that again.. and sim farm. oh maaan.", "Man you've got about everything on my bucket list.  Very nice collection but you should organize and make it look more presentable! I can understand the problem of running out of space and shelves though.", "That's the only issue: living in a small place with not much room left. Hoping to move and solve that issue though!", "Seriously, the is an amazing collection.", "Where's Dungeon Keeper? Maybe I missed it. :/", "In there, but off-camera on another shelf.", "It's so beautiful...", "Well whoop de phreakindee!", "Balls yeah.", "NAM was a great game back in its time. ", "LGR!!!! :D", "Yeeeeaaaah", "i still play theme hospital to this day", "[I spent **WAY** too long looking for this guy](http://i.imgur.com/ZM3YXet.jpg)", "Man, PC was the king of physical releases until steam. Although, PC gaming is better than ever, of course. ", "That's not fish eye on that picture. That's the weight of his games bending matter.", "That fallout box is sexy as hell.", "Riven. ", "No EPYX boxes?\n\nCome back when you've got a real collection, ya johnny-come-lately... :-)", "There's one, on the top shelf of the center case. But he is missing Broderbund. And the Print Shop doesn't count.", "I've got a dozen or so Epyx boxed games, but they're smaller and most are currently in storage :)", "I just know this is going to lead to tons of people remembering these game and increase a few seeder/ leecher ratios for the next couple days", "Go on Reddit, see LGR as one of the top voted links.\n\nGood day on Reddit", "i can smell this room right now\n\nsmells like....old boxes and nostalgia\n", "Damn. Re-Volt. Hehe. ", "Those disk trays invoke the wildest nostalgia.", "I literally said 'holy fuck'.  Well done.\n", "Leisure suit Larry for the win!", "Sweet Jesus man!  Alphabetize.", "If I had enough shelves, I would. It's completely pointless to at this point, seeing as this is maybe only half of my boxed PC games and I don't yet have all the shelves I need, so I just group them loosely on series.", "I feel your pain.  \nI'm in the process of buying new shelves for my collection - it's spread out over three rooms and four shelves because it can't fit in a single shelving unit.\n\nThe alphabetization is a personal pet peeve, that's all.  Your picture would make me weep for joy if it were alphabetical.", "It would make me weep myself if it were, I'd love to get there someday soon.\n[Maybe this other collection of mine will make up for it?](http://i.imgur.com/2tCI5wc.jpg)", "...\nThat is the most beautiful picture I have seen in months\n...", "Getting pussy level 0", "I see that Duke Nukem 3D case. Am I right that there was somekind of big poster inside of it too?", "Back when I was still living with my parents my mother forced my father and I to discard all our old boxes. So many regrets.", "Same here. All of these were acquired again in the past several years, due to those regrets.\nI just had to make peace with the PC gaming universe.", "Do you have any advice on reliable/responsible purchasing?\n\nI've been tempted to buy \"new\" boxed copies of some games online but often find that the retailer uses stock photos instead of photos of the actual box so I get worried about what I'm going to receive.", "Damn... that is beautiful. Holy cow...", "Those bigass boxes held some of the best manuals ever. The Diablo 1 book was something i read so many times.", "Those simcity boxes, fuck yes.", "I'm pissed off at myself for throwing them all away, only my Total Annihilation: Kingdoms box remains :(", "Is that all of them?", "Nah. I've got another few hundred in storage in another room.", "Man, that's a room full of nostalgia right there :-).", "Don't tell me Grim Fandango is in a storage room.", "Damn I think I still have the X-Files game and box somewhere too, so old...", "This collection makes you a god among mortals in my eyes...\n\nI BOW TO YOUR AWESOMENESS!", "Buried Alive: PC Gamer Edition", "Holy Crap there a TI-994A in a box? Is it still working?", "That it is! Was still new and sealed when I got it not long ago.", "is that an nes to the left of Fallout 2?", "someone likes simcity 2000", "I loved how you could build a city in SimCity 2000 and then fly around it in SimCopter.", "Have you beaten Riven? If you have then you are a better man than I.", "I used to play the shit out of some sim tower.", "It's true.\n\nMy son was digging through our storage room last weekend and found the Ultima-series boxes that I was keeping.  He was amazed at the great artwork, cloth map, game manual, etc.  You certainly got your money's worth back then!", "whoa. Whats \"Texas Instruments Home Computer\"?. Never heard of that one. That means i'm pretty young. And I'm 28", "Those games are like the sediment of my life!", "Mighty fine collection there good sir!", "What are the 2 things under the Windows 98 box in the top right corner?  External modems?", "Commodore 64s.\nAnd that's actually a \"Microshaft Winblows 98\" box :P [See here.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lyfqUDFe0A)", "SimCopter!!!\n\n", "My Sierra collection was beautiful and the dynamix ones were even prettier. The Willy Beamish box with the embossed logo . mmmmm...\n\nI see a beneath a steel sky box lurking in there, I play it once a year on scumm VM android with a mouse plugged in . wish they would make the mouse function better though.", "Ohh gosh I recognize about 90% of those.  Nostalgia attack T_T ", "Awwwwwwwwwwww yisssssss look at those sim city boxes. Brings memories back man. ", "May I have your copy of street rod 2!?!?!? Love that game!", "Noticed the Riven box and I couldn't believe it. How amazing was Myst/Riven Etc? Right on yo.", "I have a collection of about 50 pc games w/boxes, but this makes me so jelly", "So many memories in that clutter. ;)", "Bleargh, an HP Vectra. I had one of those, my first W2K box.", "I also had a [TI-99/4a](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_Instruments_TI-99/4A)", "I remember going to Target and seeing all the old game boxes on the shelves. I still have my Command and Conquer box and Special edition Return to castle Wolfenstein. ", "Are there collectors for boxed PC games out there!? I found a few games like return to krondor and deus ex from eidos that were brand new with only the shrink wrap removed. All the original manuals  (coupons even!) still inside. Worth anything out there?", "Some are worth a lot, but if you think how expensive they were originally, they were not great ivestments. In this picture, I would say the most valuable are the Elder Scrolls Arena and Daggerfall which would be worth $100+(Actually I just saw a higher-res pic and Arena is on floppy, not CD, so it's around $20). Blood is a rare first-person shooter and may be close to $100. Unfortunately a lot of them are on floppy, which have not held their value like the CD editions. A lot of the earlier Sierra adventures are worth $50+.  Of the entire wall, I only see about 15 or 20 that would be worth less than $20 apiece.\n\n", "Mother of God", "I usually just copied that floppy.", "First thing I saw was Riven.  I actually have the old PC version of Myst on my desk right now.  Loved that series.", "I see full throttle there well done you are officially uograded to ledgendary.  ", "My first thought when I spotted \"Police Quest\" in the upper right was \"Man this guy has some good titles.  Then I realized he has ALL the good titles.  Bravo, for somehow living through all of the mothers /girlfriends / and eyebrow raising grannies of the world to accomplish such a man-feat.", "Looking back I feel like police quest wouldn't be nearly as good as I remember.  I played the crap out of it, but I somehow doubt it holds up after all this time.  \n\nWouldn't mind giving SWAT another try though.  I thought it looked awesome when it came out, but I found it a little hard as a kid.", "That TI-994A is cutting edge technology!", "What happens if you ever have to move? Transporting all those PC boxes would take a long time!!", "OP!!!! You have floppy disks! REAL Honest to Goodness Floppy disks!!!!\n\nYou have no idea how pumped I am to simply see that there are a few of us keeping those good ol cases full of them.", "I want Caesar II. :(", "I see X-com hiding down there. God I loved that game.", "SimAnt...one of the funnest games of my PC childhood", "Don't copy that floppy.", "Yeeeah Thief!!", "What Mac is that underneath the Xbox?", "A Power Macintosh 7300/200 with a 400Mhz G3 upgrade.", "congratulations your victory over life. ", "I do like the old PC boxes, sadly I lost most of mine a good while back. The only one I have remaining is [this](http://puu.sh/5noXn.jpg)", "Oh, the childhood feels.", "Dead center...  Motocross madness! I spent hours driving to the edge of the map and getting blasted back into the scope of the world.  I would laugh and laugh and laugh. Wow forgot about that one. ", "Where's the room full of different video card boxes? ", "Aww yeeeee William shatner 's tekwar ", "Lords of the Realm II! I was just watching the introductory cutscene today!", "Dam is that a signed fallout collection box?", "Old school PC boxes are neat to collect, but slightly annoying when moving.  Though they're pretty light, even when packed in big brown boxes or containers because they're mostly empty, you start to feel silly when your \"box\" boxes become a noticeable fraction of the volume you're moving.", "a usb pendrive can store them all", "I like how all the triangular Eidos boxes are all together :)", "Pushing the old school fallout gamer rep pretty hard. Front facing boxes, evenly spread.", "I remember streets of SimCity, you could create your own cities in SimCity 2000.  Then you could export them and drive around in them.  Great music as well.", "TIL that there were retail versions of all the games I got from the 'ol BBS.  TYL I'm an old pirate. ", "This is the first PC box showcase iv seen that hit me in the feels... SICK COLLECTION MAN!!", "At first glance it looks like someone's VHS collection ", "Holy shit, a Wico Command Control joystick!", "That's a hell of a collection you've got there, wow! What are your favorites?", "Stunts!  Best game EVAR!!!", "King's Quest VI! \n\n\"I am Prince Alexander of Daventry..\"\n\nAhh the memories.", "If I was a horder and didnt throw away my old shit id have a pile of shit like that too, love it.", "MIDTOWN MADNESS was bullshit, couldn't even hit peds\n", "Leisure Suit Larry on proud display.\n\nYou're a fucking hero!", "I still have the wooden box my anniversary edition Oregon Trail II came in. Got it at Costco years ago. ", "Power Mac 7200 or 7600?  Looks like you have an Apple IIgs, LC 575?  \n\nNice collection!", "Do you have Encarta?", "All of them, I think.\n^Wow, ^that's ^sad.", "Brah throw those boxes out you can't see the walls.", "I see that Mechwarrior 2. Respect Bro ", "All you need is 5 GB of HD storage to run all of these games!", "Anyone else scan the picture to see what the newest game on the shelf was?", "You have all the games I love.", "Kudos for the creepy stuffed tarantula (that's what that stuffed animal is, right?). :-)", "Holy crap, monster truck madness!  I used to play it on my dad's old windows 95 machine.  I...", "Holy fuck yes, Re-volt!!!! that game was even better once you figured out how to change the parameters on the cars :)", "Instant boner when I saw Beneath a Steel Sky. Best point and click game ever", "Holy shit! You have Cyber Gladiators and Dark Reign? Damn, I though I was the only kid with those games.", "Dat Larry", "I do prefer the old boxes. But damn so they would take up space!", "boxed blackthorne :O &lt;3", "Dungeon Hack.. da memories. ", "I spy Full Throttle.  Fantastic game!", "Half life Opposing Forces was awesome.", "What do you got on those \"DVDs\"?", "Fuck yeah Streets of Sim City", "TI-99 4/A. Hunt The Wumpus\n\nIt was like Minesweeper for inbred children.", "Wow, so many memories!", "LEISURE SUIT LARRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nThat, Sir. Should be the crown jewel of your collection. not just something to be displayed like ordinary garbage. you must, at once. frame that and hang it. ", "Hey I see my first computer, TI-99 4A in there, great machine!", "Who's dick do I gotta suck to get a Magic Carpet reboot?", "All these pc game pics makes me want to play unreal tournament. Im sure it will work on my laptop if I nip to the shops tomorrow.", "Am I not seeing any Quest for Glory or King's Quest titles in there? No Legends of Kyrandia? I hope it's just me not seeing them right away...", "There really was something magical about the building anticipation of playing a new game when you were reading the back of the box or the manual on the way back from the store.\n\nIt simply doesn't compare to waiting for a game to download and getting annoyed when it takes more time than you thought. ", "SIMANT FOR DAYS", "You got mad copies of police quest", "Includes: user manual and 2 cd-roms!", "I have the biggest nostalgia boner right now.", "Quake 3 arena!", "Lord of the realm, theme hospital, grand theft auto, woohoo. Welcome to my high school days and my trusty AMD K6-2 450mhz processor and voodoo 2 3000 vidya card\n\nLove it. ", "Earthsiege-Starsiege? Yes!", "you should get a fountain, cause you know ... why not.", "You have a gargantuan tarantula. Set fire the entire neighborhood.", "I remember the manual for Homeworld.  It was like a 50 page briefing for the journey ahead.  It was literally a part of the game.", "Imagining my steam and GOG connections in boxes... It would probably take up an entire room! :o\n\nI wish I had kept some of my original boxes though.  They are fun to look at.", "I actually spent time looking for Prince of Persia-- anybody remember that f'ed up triangle box? Good times.", "a real chick magnet!\n\ni cant spot warcraft Orcs and humans though", "Texas Instruments Compuer......they actually did shit before calculators.", "MM1/2, MTM1/2, hoot hoot...but where's 4x4 EVO???", "I've actually been on the lookout for a boxed copy, only have it loose!", "So beautiful. ...", "Right shelf. First horizontal box.\n SYNDICATE.\nSo much time spent on that game. But I regret nothing. ", "I used to play the shit out of silent thunder: A-10 Tank Killer II. \n\nSierra had some really great titles\n", "Yeah old school pc boxes were better, none if this small convenient crap!", "Lazy gamer?", "Oh man.  This post makes me simultaneously sad I got rid of my old boxes and glad that they aren't still around.", "The Fallout is blocking System Shock", "Nice collection", "Sim Tower!!!! ", "This looks like my steam account but in box form!", "omg ... 3.25\" floppies ! lol.. haven't seen them for years, I wonder what treasures they contain. \n\n", "Nice. But I don't have room for that stuff. Moving isn't fun either. I likely digital.", "Impressive! I miss those giant boxes, it always felt like you were getting so much more value then in a little PSone jewel case with it's black and white instruction booklet. ", "Looks like a fire hazard to me!", "When I clicked on the image, Fallout shone out to my, like a lighthouse would to a lost sailor.", "I want that plush spider.", "The TI99 box takes the cake.", "Aww yiss, motherfucking RIVEN.", "I see some Falcon 3.0 in there, a game far ahead of its time.\nLooks like my uncles room growing up, I think he tried to buy every game released...", "Earthsiege!", "God I hope karateka is there on those 5 1/4 inch floppies... And summer and winter games...", "police quest, hell, startrek, deer hunter, SO MANY GAMES! that old mac sitting down there at the bottom... i started with escape velocity back in 95 with a mac performa 630CD and then i moved onto duke nukem 3D and then fall out required a PPC so i was stuck... after that i moved onto a gateway and had destruction derby, quake III (fucking loved this game), tribes from starseige, police quest, swat, swat3, vietnam, the list goes on!\n\ni kept all the boxes when i was a kid but i dont have any of them now, i moved to much and lost many things.", "The record albums of computer games.  I have a huge shelf, but the last one was at least several years ago.  \n", "I threw out mine like 10 years ago, I didn't want to end up having to dedicated a room to the boxes.", "That is awesome. But no way am I going to help you move", "That was like looking back at my childhood. Man that's awesome!", "I love how you have 2 different copies of sim ant. I also love how I also own many of the same games. ", "But I dont see monkey island!", "Xbox original and PS2 games at the bottom.", "I spent way too long looking for the Baldur's Gate series...\n\nIf you do not have it I'll be so sad : /", "Certainly do, but in the other room.", "Nice 3DO.", "You have SimAnt twice, why?\n", "Several different versions for different systems. It's one of my all-time favorites, so I tend to collect variants for such games.", "damn,  that's some swole shelving.", "upvote for the TI994a", "Run out of shelf space? Stack games in between two separate shelving units! ", "Sim Ant... I probably have 100+ hours in that game from my childhood", "Sim city 2000. One of the first games my parents bought for me (aside from the collection of commodore 64 games we had.) I played the shit out of the game. Even saved up to go to a store to get the guide. Memories. ", "Riven &lt;3", "I would love to see another adventure/exploration game like Riven!", "Would never leave my house if I had that collection", "Yes, but I have to say those huge boxes were kind of wasteful. Probably better they aren't used anymore. ", "Good to see a couple Sierra On Line games.. like Leisure Suit, etc.\n\nDamn miss some of those", "So I used to play this game way back in the day, 1995-96. (I'm 23) Well, I'm trying to recall the name and in this game you drove a tank around this jungle and there were these monsters or aliens that you had to kill. I think there were temples. Man, that game was hard as shit. I just figured you may have owned since you have a billion or so of other pc games.", "Holy crap, the Streets of Sim City!!!", "I see that copy of Carmen Sandiego hiding by the Vic-20!", "That picture is filled with so many of my memories it really made me miss growing up when you could find racks of shareware software for a few dollars and you could order games out of the backs of magazines.  ", "Guyssss Theeesss a PC on that pic with no screenshot! Can we ban pls?", "Is there a copy of Red Alert in there somewhere? I've always wanted another 'big box' version of it, complete with the tech tree upgrade fold out.", "Somewhere, yes!", "Your XBox looks hot under all that PS3.", "The art on the boxes were alot better", "Shadow Warrior between the shelves is #1", "Kings Quest V and VI, but you didn't buy 7 or 8...\n\nWe'd get along nicely.", "I just watched my entire life flash before my eyes in this picture.", "Revolt! Used to play that all of the time. ", "Beige Mac for the win!  Those things were the Model T of '90s Macintoshes.", "I'm just not sure I can trust a man who puts Revolt faced outwards in a place of honor, but only appears to have two of the 4 (4. There is no 5.) Quest for Glorys....", "Wow that looks fucking awesome and cool.\n\nIdk it's like an old cupboard filled with board games vs a neet an organized shelf containing the new colored jewel cases. ", "[deleted]", "Yes indeed, still use it for wireless PC usage when it's hooked into the TV.", "Dat 3do for sale?", "FULL THROTTLE, JESUS, HOW COULD I FORGET?", "wow this brought me back. Life &amp; Death &gt; Sim Copter &gt; Riven &gt; Aoe2.\n\nThis is basically me growing up.", "Ugh. Riven was so hard!", "I found a couple Warcraft II boxes in a thrift shop for $5 and I just HAD to get them. They had manuals and the actual game discs inside, everything was in great condition. Best money I ever spent.", "I hope my adult life ends up being half as fun as I'm sure your childhood was. ", "I would want to be buried with those ", "Love the TI-99. My father is the only person I know to have one or hear of one. ", "That is a beautiful collection.", "Please tell me I'm not the only one who thinks that room probably stinks of old cardboard...", "Stunts!!", "There's a large spider", "Bonus points for Homeworld, but negative points for no Total Annihilation.", "Do I see 5.25\" floppy discs?", "SIM. ANT.", "Re-volt was one of the best games back in the day of Pentium 1.", "I am not worthy!", "Seeing Riven on the shelf made my heart smile. I have yet to finish the series, though.", "Were you disappointed with mask of eternity? ", "Oh god I would love to stumble on a room like this...", "No one else is going to point out the Powermac 7X00 (7200 probably)? You can't play games on that. Just Marathon and Sim City 2000.", "I want some of dose games. Gimme.", "Is that an Apple IIgs spied on the desk at the left? (on the floor it looks like an LC 575/580 but can't tell if that monitor is part of the unit or sitting on top)", "No love for Theme Hospital in the comments?  \n*Doctor needed in General Diagnosis*", "Wow, what a truly beautiful collection. I can't imagine how much fun it would be going through that and reliving the old days. ", "TI 99 4a so sexy dats pc before pc meant an IBM compatible.", "I saw a PS3 box"]["Having just replaced my motherboard after it overheated, yes... we can.", "my first pc was in 2003 , nothing ever broke on me", "Much less expensive than replacing the entire thing though", "Ever had a hardware part fail on your PC? Nice try.", "There are few things as gut wrenching as switching your pc on and instead of \"beep\", you hear \"beeeeep-beep-beep.....beeeeep-beep-beep...\"  \n( At least you can sometimes fix it yourself if you know what's up...)", "I believe that beep code indicates a GPU problem.", "you are correct  \n\nhttp://www.computerhope.com/beep.htm", "I don't know, if I ever run into a problem like that my first action would be to look it up onli-\n\n*Fuck.*", "That's why I have an android tablet. ", "Desktops probably have mobile devices to thank for staying relevant. Laptops fill a redundant role for most people now.", "Each mobo manufacturer is different.", "&gt; Each mobo manufacturer is different\n\nBIOS manufacturer, not so much the motherboard.", "Yup my ASUS pq5 pro turbo board has a loose PCI-e slot, I have to gently lift the card each boot to get it to post. Once it posts it's fine, but he initial startup requires some help. It's weird. ", "I'd be relieved if I had any beep.\n\nThe worst is definitely no beep.", "Yeah I've never had a problem that came with nice informative beeps. I've had the one long shrill unending beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep until the computer powered itself down and I've had it just be dead.", "Or while playing a game hearing its a small world, The first time I heard it, it took an hour to figure out that was the overheating alarm.", "Mine just abruptly cuts power with no warning. If mine beeped with a tune, I'd just assume there was some prank software going off.", "Wasn't there one that played Fur Elise, too?", "Joke is in you. I didn't install the mobo speaker in my PC :p\nMy mobo has a small display panel tho that shows codes.", "I personally find a fan hitting a cable an equally annoying thing.", "Or just not beep at all..damn ram..", "beeeeeep-beep-beep-beep.....beeeeeeeep-beep-beep-beep\n\nDammit, someone stole the RAM again.", "Try three HDD controller boards,that's worse ", "Dat blue screen tho", "PC part warranty service &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Console warranty service\n\n", "What's a warranty?", "Still CAN happen.", "I'm not saying it can't happen, I'm just saying PC part replacement is far less of a headache and quicker generally than console replacement.  For instance usually for consoles you have to buy a warranty to cover device.  Parts you may need to register but not always the case.  I've had to wait months for a console to come back in the past, while parts I'm down for two weeks to a few days.  OEM computers like Dells have next day service where they come to your house and repair faulty parts.  Not really used for gaming unless you have tonnes of money, too lazy to learn to build and buy an Alienware which are just fancy Dells.  I'd love to see Sony, Microsoft, or Nintendo offer that service.  I shouldn't bash Nintendo too much however because they offer repair services for very long periods time.  I think they still service N64s I believe.  ", "I haven't, honestly. ", "I am a PC and console gamer. I have had a component on my PC go bad before and never on any of my consoles. Even my NES. That doesn't mean anything though because this is just one persons account.\n\n", "I've been gaming in both consoles and PC for quite a few years now. The only console that has died on me was a NES around 1991. PC parts: 1 graphics card, 1 HDD and about 15 sticks of RAM (not sure whats up with that) overall I feel lucky since only one expensive part has given me problems and one console.", "The RAM does not surprize me. I work in IT and the two most common components that die are RAM and the hard drive.", "Well, of course it can happen to any hardware, but some people just get lucky. ", "Computers fail also. ", "But it can be fixed, especially if you put it together in the first place. ", "so can consoles, what's your point?", "It's no way as easy to fix as a PC. Plus, when you buy your new part, you can decide to upgrade! \n\nCan't do that on console. ", "If you have the money for an upgrade which realistically not likely since pc parts get very expensive for the high end stuff. \n\nAlso fixing consoles is very easy, people just don't do it because of the void of warranty. Hell my ps3 stop reading discs which was a easy fix in just replacing the laser disc reader. The only system that I've seen that hardly never breaks down regardless of what you do to it is a gamecube. ", "I don't know about you, but with all the money I saved with steam sales and not paying for online, I can definitely afford an upgrade. \nIn fact, when my laser disc reader broke I..... \n\nWait a minute, I don't have one, because I don't even use discs! ", "Not a huge fan of non hard copy games but that's just me and to be honest I hardly spend money on games. Most I spend on any game these past few years is $30 but that's because I know how to shop and never buy a game that's just released like steam. \n\nBut it's kind of funny that sometimes PC gamers pay for games because of the steam sell and buy a shit ton and end up spending more money then a console gamer buying one game.\n\nAlso just like console PC also fails which involves like you say an upgrade which will cost more then a laser disk reader. You're really not making any sense other then PC &gt; console. They're both systems that have moving parts and like any machine that had moving parts will malfunction one point in the systems life. \n\n", "I'm just saying that when a PC part fails, it's easy to replace, and able to be upgraded. \n\nWhich is more that a console has to say for itself. ", "For console it's also easy to replace. Can't be upgraded but that doesn't really matter since the games are built for said system. ", "Well, if you don't care about getting the most out of your games, then console is definitely the best choice for you. ", "Don't forget about N64, a PC can't be fixed by blowing the hdd", "Lol that too. Just saying a GameCube since they literally threw out of a moving car, smasher it with a sledgehammer and dropped a wrecking ball on top of it and it worked perfectly. Kinda had to hold the lid down ", "Except you can't put together a console.. ", "But you can take it apart and fix it. Doesn't matter if you put it together or not. A machine shuts down for hardware problems it's fixable unless someone took a gun to it and even then some things are still salvageable. ", "True, but it's easier to fix if you know the components you picked out for your machine. ", "Thing is every console system is identical from the manufacture and finding how to guides are easy to find. There really isn't difference between the two. Hardware is hardware  ", "Well, it's arguably easier to fix/replace parts in a PC. I'm not disagreeing with you, though. ", "You got owned. Deal with it", "&gt;You can take it apart and fix it\n\nNope, not without voiding the warranty of the whole system, something breaks on your pc, you pinpoint the problem and only have to replace what broke. Unless its a hard drive or something, if you try and fix something yourself and it doesn't work, your screwed.\n\n&gt;some things are still salvageable\n\nLike what? It's not like you can buy individual parts for it outside of the fan or hard-drive(if its removable)", "If its under warranty you use the warranty and get it fixed or replaced. Its the same with computers bought from OEM's warranties are voided if you try to work on them your self. Whats the difference. ", "If its under warranty of course it can be replaced, but that wasn't what he said. We're talking about fixing the system yourself, which cannot be done without voiding the warranty.\n\nMost people who use their PC's as their primary gaming system build it themselves, therefor individual parts can be inspected and replaced without voiding the warranty of the rest.\n\nOn another note, when a piece of *electronics* goes down for hardware reasons, its pretty much down for the count. Software problems can be fixed, hardware can really only be replaced due to its complexity.", "I answered already that it does void warranty but it doesn't make it not possible to your own console. Shit I fixed my own ps3 and it works perfectly so it still works.\n\nAlso you kinda answered your second question in what may be salvageable.  ", "Yeah, that's not much, cpu, motherboard, ram, gpu can't be replaced or fixed.", "Not if the system is shot up than no just like a PC. Either way both systems are fucked if they got shot up only it will be cheaper to replace the console than the PC ", "Not at all.\n\nAssuming that both of these are no longer under warranty.If I shot a ps4 and I shot a PC I build of the same cost, I would have to buy a whole new playstation, whereas with a pc, depending on the angle, I may only have to get a new motherboard.\n\nFlip it around and the parts are under warranty, I still can just get the warranty of the part I need rather than sending in the whole system.\n\nEDIT: By parts I'm referring to both PC and PS4 once again", "So how do they make it?", "Not what I was saying. I meant you couldn't assemble one yourself. ", "It isn't that hard to be fair, i've disassembled a 360 and ps3 and they are pretty simple", "Ah. I've never done it myself. Although, I'm assuming it voids the warranty if you're still under it. (Then again, you could always send it in if it was still under warranty..)  ", "I've had my original 360 for 6 years with a average use of about 6 hours a day weekdays and about 15 hours a day weekends and I have never ever had red ring, I know what causes red ring and it should have happened a long time ago but never has happened, plough on my little trooper, your retirement is only 2 days 28 minutes away ", " I got my 360 from a trash can and used a towel to bring it back to life.", "http://i.imgur.com/LbyFu.gif", "Its actually not bullshit. Look it up. This was a temporary fix used back in the first 2 years of the console before we started ripping off the X-clamps on the heat sinks and replacing them with nuts and bolts.", "k", "I got the red ring of \"death\" twice. my 360 still truckin along though. I think it was just displaying its dry sense of humor.", "zombie Xbox's for the win!", "In the last 5-6 years. My xbox has RROD 3 times. And it still goes perfectly. Like nothing ever happened.", "The overwhelming majority of the Xbox 360s manufactured between 2005 and 2006 have failed. In 2007, Microsoft fixed the solder issue that plagued early 360s and the RRoD issue became much less prevalent.\n\nJudging from your post, you may have a 360 manufactured from after that time. If you truly have an original 360, you are very lucky (I wasn't).", "My original 2005 360 is a trooper", "Mine was made in November of 2006. And it still goes perfectly after Red ringing 3 times. Which is great. The only problem is that my disk tray sticks. But just doing the Fonzerelli thump gets it to open.", "Same here, Mine only RRoD'd twice in the same day (once then another time when testing it to be permanent) after 5 years of owning it and that was just because it overheated from dry thermal paste, reapplied and now 6.5 years old no problems (12v fan mod makes it loud as hell though).", "I've had it twice, MS sent me a free new one both times. My current Xbox has been going for 5 years but I can tell it's on its last legs. It's making really loud and weird noises when it is on.", "I, on the other hand went through 3. I think the original failure rate was pretty high, so the first two combined didn't make it past 2 years. 3rd one worked for significantly longer.", "I game on 360 and PC.  While PCs may be a little more reliable on the hardware side, I've never had to go searching for a patch or quick fix to play a 360 game.  ", "Man, the last time I did that was for games released in 2006. Steam, Origin, whatever else has pretty much made patch sites obsolete. It just downloads automatically. The nice thing is that if there's a patch that breaks the game you can roll back on PC.", "Steam makes it easy to find fixes for issues, but I still have a fair amount of problems (extreme FPS drops in mirror's edge would be one example)", "Because of crappy ports and lazy developers. Hardware is not to blame.", "It kind of is. There are companies that just make PC games that have problems and it is usually just due to the sheer amount of combinations of hardware. It is not uncommon for a specific band of GPU to have an issue with certain games, but usually after a few days/weeks it gets sorted out.", "AMD and Nvidia are it, so it still comes down to crappy ports and lazy devs.", "But they have been making cards for decades. All with varying hardware behind each generation and differing drivers. It is not like each brand only makes one card that everyone owns.", "still a point towards consoles", "so no console game has ever been buggy?\n\nand I'm pretty sure console games also get patched just like PC games.", "Steam seems to have largely solved that problem.", "Wut? http://free4dll.net84.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/BSOD-Error.jpg\n", "that doesn't break the Computer though, the BSOD just freezes the computer before you actually damage anything inside of the computer, the RROD, pretty much means your system broke", "This is true. \nKeep in mind, RROD is an overheat issue on the GPU.  \nA GPU on a motherboard...guess what that is...\nGraphics cards overheat all the time, shit mine happened last year.\nRROD is just as fixable as any other PC part.  \nJust gotta open it, PS3/4, Xbox/360/One all of them are mild-mannered PC's.\nEDIT: It's fair to point out i upvoted your comment as it is true.\n", "RROD was caused by constant temperature changes inside the console which created cracks and voids in the solders themselves. If you could fix this permanently I wold be impressed.", "Technically there are multiple RRoD's + symptoms + Err codes that mean different things, some permanent problems and some errors that are easily fixed", "Errors like when I forgot to plug my hard drive in properly last week. I felt so stupid when I found the problem after an hour or so trying to fix it.", "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyqDMgyp0qE#t=287\n\nI think this dude might have solved the issue.", "I've fixed several RROD xboxs. ", "The RROD 1103 error I think it was which was the number 1 error is not a death sentence for your console. Not even close. Its fixable by yourself.", "How is this upvoted so much?", "Because we're in /r/gaming ", "I feel it has a 2X multiplier. On one hand /r/gaming has been more favorable these last few months to PS4 content and specially today everything pro-PC gaming gets extra upvotes because of the issue with the removed PC submission that started the whole thing.", "I feel like there's a more grammatically accurate way to say that...", "PC in title --&gt; Upvoted", "PC in comment --&gt; Upvoted", "Anti-circlejerk circlejerk. Upvoted.", "Anti-circlejerk circlejerk circlejerk. Upvoted.", "We need to go deeper!\n\nAnti-Circlejerkception", "BWAAARM", "I don't get it . must be funny upvote.", "PC", "Upvote.", "Yes we can", "Thanks Obama. ", "Want to know a simple fix for the red ring of death?\n\nMost of the time, this is caused by the GPU overheating and causing bad solder joints on the board.  Since we can't resolder each of the 300 joints by hand, you need to reflow the board.  Fortunately, there is a way to get the GPU hot enough to do this.\n\nplug the power into you xbox and fire it up.  Wrap the xbox in a towel and then put it in a plastic bag.  Wait 15-20 mins.  Since the xbox can't dissipate the heat, it will heat right up and re-melt the solder.  Pull the power plug out from the wall socket and wait 10 mins before moving the xbox.  After 10 mins the joints should have hardened and you can unwrap the xbox.\n\nFire it up and 9 times out of 10, no more red ring of death.", "HUH?! Make a vid and I'll believe it. Sounds like a load....", "It's an old trick, it works but voids the warranty.", "Blue screen?", "What about GTA V?", "Are you talking about the beta or the full version that's coming out next year?", "Spring baby!", "I'd rather have a delayed GTA V than that jaggy mess you say has 'amazing' graphics.", "When did I say GTA V has amazing graphics?", "What about Skyrim Mods?\nWhat about Steam Sales?\nWhat about Arma?\nWhat about League of Legends?\nWhat about World of Warcraft?\nWhat about etc...\n\nSee? We can do it to, and better.", "I can do that too, I have a PC.\n\nThat doesnt mean that there aren't tons of awesome and unmissable games that have come out on consoles and only consoles.\n\nIf you haven't played Last of Us or the Uncharted series, youre missing out.", "Someone's sensitive about not being able to play Grand Theft Auto.", "It's a single game that has always had a delayed release on PC, it's not like its not getting releases.\n\nCome back when you can play Arma III.", "I can play Arma III. I have a PC.", "Well thats good for you then, I was assuming you were one of those people that only owns console and brings up GTA V just to validate themselves/troll.", "Yeah they can, called blue screen of death ha.", "I'd like to say that the blue screen is far worse.", "Thanks Obama!", "The one thing PC gamers don't wanna do.", "Yes, they can overheat and catch much more dust at older ages. ", "PC Blue screen of death is sooo much better than console red ring!", "This is one of the reasons I don't want a PC. I don't want to be associated with assholes who love to show off their brilliant PCs to people who are just happy with their consoles. Not everyone likes PCs. \n\nI'm not saying consoles are better, but I am saying people might enjoy them more than a PC. \n\nWhoa, look, someone with a different opinion than you. Magic.", "&gt;magic\n\n2spooky4me", "Now let me just mod my power button... ", "Or play GTA V. The best selling video game of all time. Without even having a PC release. ", "Here comes a flamewar...", "E-excuse me? I'm sorry, does the infamous \"blue screen of death\" not ring a bell? Or, y'know, overheating? Because my PC overheats tons. ", "Run some air through the cpu heatsink, that should fix it.", "Hit Esc to exit blue-screen. Or force shut down. Iether works.", "And sometimes, neither fixes the problem. I'm pretty sure it's called the \"BSoD\" because it sometimes means that your computer has a hardware issue or something. ", "Yeah. Sometimes. \n\nDefinition of some= Three.\n\nIf some means three, that means a *third of the time* it means blue screen of death.", "Where are you getting this information? Some means an unspecified amount of things. ", "http://images.eurogamer.net/2013/usgamer/GTA-V-big.jpg\n\nThe other thing that PC gamers can't do.", "There haven't been any of the most recent GTA's to not come out on PC. The whole GTA thing doesn't make sense to me.", "Not yet, at least.", "Listing a temporarily exclusive console game to PC gamers is a dangerous move.\n\nNot sure why I'm getting downvoted. GTA V is coming out to PC early 2014 with enhanced graphics, and on top of that, PC has a way larger library of exclusives than consoles. So using GTA V as an argument of what PC gamers can't do is very poor.", "YEAH SUCK IT PC GAMERS  \n[I'd like to see you play count-the-pixels on your $5000 computers!!!](http://i.imgur.com/xxKkpr9.jpg)  \n/s", "Who cares? We've got loads of other exclusives. Plus GTA V is coming to PC anyway. ", "Pretty sure GTA is dead on console atm anyway?", "all billion dollars dead", "And a lot of us don't want to either because it's bad.", "The one thing console gamers can't do.\n\nOh wait, there's a lot of things they can't do.", "What about wii U games?", "allowed", "Yeah, they don't show it with a red light, they just stop working and leave it to you to find out which component is actually causing it...", "I believe his point was that we can't post pictures of failed hardware, while RRoD pictures are commonplace.\n\nClaiming there's no double-standard doesn't make it so.", "&gt;...double standard...\n\nThere are so many standards on the sub I'm beginning to lose track.", "Omg! This circlejerk feels sooo amazing!", "I can still smell the last PSU I had that burnt out.\n\nYet the damn rig kept running. But Lord, the *smell.*", "I have had GPU die due to heat (8800GTX), just like the xbox. Instead of red ring i just got artifacts, then a burn then death.", "I've fixed RROD before, it's not too difficult and I have no PC building skills at all.", "There's a mod for that.", "Really? can a PC gamer please inform me of tomorrow nights winning lottery numbers for the Florida lotto? \n\n\nEDIT: screw florida lotto. how bout the POWERBALLLLL. I will be foreer in your debt all mighty PC gamer.  :)", "They also cant turn 360 degrees and walk away!", "All I have to do to experience the red-ring of death is to eat a bunch of really spicy food.\n", "Haha ahh the ol fiery trumpet-butt switchapoo", "Yes you can. Every console has one aside from nintendo that shit is some witchcraft. Instead of RROD its BSOD and also the many other parts in your computer can fail and you wouldn't know which one it is if its not on fire/smoking. ", "Every PC I bought I've had to replace and every PC I built I've had to replace parts at least once...often at times as inconvenient as that red ring showed up. Never mind inexplicable compatibility issues... better have the right video card for the right game!", "Halo pro CA?", "Hey that's not funny! My console died that way!", "It takes less than an hour to take apart the console, do an X-clamp fix, and reassemble the console. No more RROD, $2.50 in parts. There are thousands of Youtube videos walk-throughs, a monkey can do it.", "A RROD joke in 2013? Really? Not even funny anymore.", "Random BSOD's are a bitch. ", "Damnit, they found our weakness! Pull out the graphics guns and the Summer Sale swords!", "Have an original 360 (Resident Evil 5 edition) that has never red ringed.\n\nI also can play Red Dead Redemption on it.", "As someone who builds custom towers as a hobby, hardware failure is the same thing. Only difference is that it's a lot easier to repair on pc. ", "Did you check the power supply? Mine does this all the time if it's not plugged in right all the way. Had it since the day they came out. Still working like a hoss.\nEdit - accidentally pressed send..", "My original 2006 360 got the red ring in May which is still pretty good, luckily I was given one for free.", "Besides shutting up about being PC gamers.", "Shut the fuck up, or get over themselves? Can't tell from the picture. ", "[Can't do this. Yet.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_3aNnKo_zc)", "When did this whole idea that you must \"only play games on one platform\" come from? Shit, they're games. Play it on whatever you like, who cares.", "Thank god.", "My gaming PC currently  won't boot after I shut it off unless I flip the switch on the power supply first. \n\nSo yeah, complex electronics have issues. ", " like pc's doesnt crash. But seriously. Why did most buy another xbox after this? ", "Yeah, [we even do that better.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nd266kl0rs0) \n\nI have a similar story to this if anyone is interested (not that video, it's not mine, but something similar happened to me).", "[One thing PC gamers can do!](http://i.imgur.com/QRFKHMY.jpg)", "Because no one's ever gotten a virus or had a program not work or have hardware fail right?", "I don't understand what's going on, why is /r/gaming suddenly flooded with all PC and no console stuff?", "NTLDR is missing.\n\nPress CTRL ALT DEL to restart.", "clearly OP has never had a PC part fail.", "Nice to see we still have quality posts here at r/gaming...", "Viruses and hardware failures :3", "Post images with ridiculous amounts of jpeg compression to reddit? I'm sure they can do that no problem. /joke", "Unplug video/sound cable from xbox360 then power on. Let the light show begin.", "oh yeah...and it is sooooooooooooooooooo inconvienient!  i'll rush out tomorrow and stand inline for a week\n for a console, just so i can hit the POWER button!  EXCELSIOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ", "Pre-order bro.", "I used to always install 2 LEDs in my computers. One to show the computer is on, the other just flashes red when the HDD is does something (when the HDD is doing some heavy writing). \nOne of my computer's motherboard got overheated (and it died). Whenever I turn it on the green LED flashes briefly then I am stuck with the red LED...\nTL;DR: My PC got the RLOD (Red LED of Death)", "I call bull shit! not quite a red ring but my PSU has died on me so many times in a single year.", "Try having your motherboard fail at working with more than one RAM chip. 2gb RAM on Windows 7 64bit is excruciatingly painful while trying to do anything more than typing in word.", "would prefer my console to fail than my pc. unless you have warranty on every part in your pc, you're fucked.", "If you've been a PC gamer for a few years you've probably got spare parts so there's often no down time, and yes most parts do come with their own individual warranties.", "At least console gamers can shut the fuck up about what they game on.", "That's because consoles are, and have been for a very long time now, nothing to brag about.  At all.", "Video games in general are nothing to brag about.", "I'm fairly sure there are some professional players that would disagree with you.  Mostly the ones that are millionaires before they're legal to drink in the USA.", "Yeah I've seen a few, wouldn't trade spots with em.", "Don't think I would either.  I don't mind easy money, but I prefer double pay christmas shifts on the helpdesk, when no one calls in.", "Please. Shut. The. Fuck. Up. Already.", "Um, yeah, try having your PC's power supply get bricked", "Oh man, guess I can just buy a new one. ", "Red Dead Redemption.", "Or GTAV, or Destiny, or...", "Sorry, I couldn't hear your 10 exclusives over my 500 exclusives", "If, by that picture, you mean shut the fuck up, then yes. PC gamers apparently cannot shut the fuck up. \n\nSeriously though, if you want to make claims of superiority to the console gamers, the very least you could do is not flood /r/gaming with a flood of overzealous pissantry. ", "As a console gamer, you are ruining my reputation. Stop.", "Naughty Dog games aren't on PC oooooooooooo so sad.", "[It's sad PC has no exclusives, what will I play while I wait for more PS4 games?] (http://i.imgur.com/TCRFBGs.jpg)", "A list of *good* PC exclusives would be much shorter.", "Good for who? It's not really possible to sort \"good\" games, everybody likes different things.\n", "\"Good\" as in games people give a shit about.", "Red ring of death is baby stuff from what PC gamers obtain or rather what I obtain. Now it seems like my Harddrive is going to die soon, poop.\n", "blue screen of death :(", "I forgot, Computers never just up and die. That is a completely alien thing to them. /sarcasm.", "I don't understand why so many people feel the need to bash one another for their gaming preference. We are gamers through and through, now lets move past it.", "Lol, ever blue screen?", "You're bragging about this?", "FYI my 6850 broke due to manufacturer error.", "It is called a LAN party.", "PC gamers can't play LAN? Are you serious?", "  [I'm just gonna leave this here](http://www.maximumpc.com/files/u69/BSOD_Main.png)", "Because no one has ever has hardware failure on their PC.  Every \"gaming rig\" was born in the forge of Valhalla. ", "Yeah, except when ours fails we only have to replace the part that broke.", "Good luck playing tlou, halo, uncharted and gta5 in a while!", "[I played GTA V, and it's safe to say that I'll be waiting for it's inevitable re-release on the next gen consoles.] (http://imgur.com/kn6hyra)\n\nUntil then, good luck playing Arma 3, Rising Storm, Civ 1-5, KSP, Star Citizen, Amnesia tDD and aMfP, 8 Total war games, all the good RTS games, all the good simulators, all the good indies and all the good mods.", "Are you sure about disconnecting your device?\n\nYes!\n\nBut are you really sure though?\n\nYes!!\n\nHand on heart, honest to god are you fucking sureeee!?!?!?\n\nFuuuuuuuuuu", "Also you guys can't play the last of us or GTA 5, But whatever "]["The precursor to Scorched Earth... Gorillas and Nibbles were two of the first games I'd ever played.  I just nostalgia'd all over my desk.\n", "That's gorillas.bas to you pal.", "[Here you go](http://www.kongregate.com/games/moly/gorillas-bas).", "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand there went 20 minutes.", "If anyone is slightly interested in Physics and have a procrastination problem then let that link stay blue. Then again, if you have a procrastination problem then what are you doing on reddit?", "gorilla~~s~~.bas", "I played the heck out of Scorched Earth.  Might need to go back and play it again soon.\n\nhttp://www.whicken.com/scorch/", "Hell yes! MIRV and Funkybombs all over the damn place! And those rollers were hilarious! So much nostalgia.", "\"What did you buy?\" \"10 magnetic shields and 10 funkybombs.\" \"FFFFFFFFFFFFFF!\"", "I loved that game until it started getting into loops.  Mag shields + ordinance can lead to some weird results", "dearest sir or madam.\n\nfor providing me with this link i would like to formally offer you secks.  this link has made me happy and in turn i would like to offer you the same level of happiness. (this is a non creepy post. im not a /r/creepypm candidate)", "oh it is totally a candidate.", "My eyes just shot wide open.  I haven't seen or heard about this game since I was maybe 7 years old.  This was the first time I ever saw computer code.\n\nI'm a software developer now.", "Yeah! Same here! We had it in our enrichment class, I remember changing the variable values like gravity and explosion radius and then the game was so crazy and it blew my mind that I could just change those things myself so easily. ", "Also the best goddamn qbasic example to ever exist", "That was the first time I ever coded, in qbasic. Then I learned TI-83+ basic, then I was hooked and now I know 8 programming languages. ", "To this day I call any snake-type game Nibbles.", "And then watch as people have no idea what you're talking about :-(\n", "I got nostalgic about Nibbles 10 years ago when I saw that Snake was on my uncle's Nokia phone. I got mega nostalgic seeing this game just now! http://www.kongregate.com/games/vinila/remember-nibbles", "Scorched earth... man.  I built computers back in the day specifically to run that.  The difference in game speed between a 386 and a 486 was huge haha.", "I'm 22 years old, and I played the shit out of this game.", "Grandfather of WORMS", "Used to spend hours playing Gorillas and Nibbles. My brother and I would have Gorillas tornaments every weekend.", "Don't forget about Jumpman!", "Actually, Scorched Earth was released a month before gorillas.bas in [march, 1991](http://www.mobygames.com/game/dos/ms-dos-5-included-games) (vs. [april, 1991](http://www.mobygames.com/game/dos/ms-dos-5-included-games)).\n", "FUCK. YES.\n\n\nI learned how to code by reverse-engineering Nibbles and Gorillas.\n\nQbasic reppasent.", "Drop the .bas", "[Here you go](http://www.kongregate.com/games/moly/gorillas-bas). Just love the intro song. ", "I'd like to thank you. I used to play this game with my grandma on her old DOS computer. I just had a great moment of nostalgia. Thanks for that. ", "Damn. I was born in 1997, I would never have guessed old games were half this good to play.\n\nIts like worms but very, very old. I like the simplicity of it.", "Scorched earth was around the same time(middle/highschool for me) and quite a bit more complex, had different weapons, and terrain that would collapse if an overhang was left after an explosion, plus you could move your tank.", "You mean worms is like gorillas except very, very new.", "No, Gorillas came after Worms, and is the older version of it.", "I saw the picture and immediately started humming the song. I loved the FA t they danced like The Bushwhackers from WWF. ", "I didn't have a sound card yet.  I didn't know there was sound.  I got a sound blaster card when I started playing wolfenstein 3D.   ", "Thanks man. Wonderful memories were revived.", "Classy.", "Same here, started altering the code when I was 7 years old, and this is when I decided I wanted to become a video game programmer when I grew up.\n\nI'm now 31, and a video game programmer.", "ditto, started at 8 though, you beat me this time but I still have some time to become a video game programmer before you!\n\nI remember adding a few different types of bananas to this game, like a shield banana, that would explode without damage, and then skip lines when removing the explosion so it would cause other bananas to explode if they hit it and a really big nuke banana.  Totally broke the game but it was fun to do!", "The snakes game that sometimes came with it was another fun one to alter. I remember putting in a prompt to let me skip to the more difficult levels.\n\nDid you mean become a video game programmer at a younger age than me? I started when I was 25. If you're under 25 then you still have a chance ;)", "Aww yeah, Nibbles! Two Player Snake with levels was the shit. ", "This makes me sad, because the younger generation of today won't have that experience. :(", "Coding is actually much easier and prevalent nowadays, I'm guessing there are a lot more kids out there now that are interested in it than when I was young. Their experience will be different, but not necessarily worse.", "...why?\n\nProgramming is far more accessable today than it was 20 years ago.", "Usually you hear a lot of horror stories of people saying it was nothing like they expected. Is that the case for you, as well?", "Wow, exact same for me. I'm 35, started when I was 7, though for me instead of gorillaz it was the lunar lander game that came in the back of the commodore 64 manual, listed out in Basic, line by line.", "Fucking Qbasic man. \n\nWe took this and a crappy pac-man ripoff and reverse engineered them to make them silly. The pacman game we accidentally removed the collision detection and the ghost just immediately ran through the walls and killed you, so we boosted pacman's speed up a bunch to escape more easily ,but those fucking ghost still caught us every time. I don't think anybody collected more than like 3 or 4 pellets. ", "ME TOO.  I had an old 8088 at home, and my school had 386s in the lab, everyone played Scorched Earth together in the mornings, and then they practiced at home. I was at a distinct disadvantage with my best computer having an amber CRT and no ability to load a 32bit DOS game that required VGA graphics.\n\nWhat I did have was GWBasic on DOS 3.3. So I printed out the part of gorillas that does the projectile arcs, figured out how it worked, and wrote a Scorched Earth clone for my 8088 that ran in GWBasic.  I was unstoppable.\n\nThese days I'm a sysadmin, but the bulk of my job really is writing code, and fixing other people's broken code.", "Scorched Earth . The mother of all games!", "I love the smell of napalm in the morning. ", "Firing a big dirt clod was a serious commitment on a 286. It took like 30 seconds to render the animation.", "reverse-engineering?\nI thought it was an open source basic example \n\n", "Even with the source, if you don't understand the language, and the engineering it went into the development, the process is reverse engineering.", "Yeah, even if the code is open source reverse engineering it can even warrant its own [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_inverse_square_root).", "Yep. Spent more time in the editor than running the game.", "Oh my god the nostalgia. Even before I had internet access, I taught myself a lot about programming by examining the code in the qbasic sample programs.\n\nThen I got internet access and found out there was a whole thriving community of qbasic programmers. Keep in mind, this was in the early/mid 2000s, so they were already way out of date. But I think there's still people on a handful of forums keeping the qbasic dream alive even though it's a freaking 25 year old language.\n\nMore power too 'em, though. Somebody's gotta love the old tech.\n\nEDIT:\n\nOh my god, there's [a subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/qbasic). I'm so happy right now.", "I just piddled with gravity.  I was a noob even in the days of Tandy.", "There was an old PC in my Computer Tech classroom in High School that his Nibbles and Gorillas. Used to boot that bugger up whenever I could and play.\n\nThen we insalled a Qbasic emulator in college and played.", "I learned how to give the gorillas huge heads and make explosions that filled the whole screen by randomly changing values in the code. Had no idea what I'd actually done, though.", "I altered the game so when you won the banana spun around between the winner's legs.", "Funny story...this was an easter egg in a very large banks physical security system...that controlled all the doors vault alarms motion sensors for over 3 million square feet of property...if you triggered the egg..instead of seeing the panic alarm of a teller who was getting robbed...you saw this on the screen...fun trick to play on the rookies.", "Qbasic representin'! I loved these games but I never reversed-engineered them, I made my own text-based RPG instead.", "PROGRAMMING A NUCLEAR BANANA 15 YEARS BEFORE FUKUSHIMA. ", "It was all about setting the radius to super huge and making nuclear bananas.", "Comments like this make me feel old. I had been playing games on computers for almost a decade when this arrived. I had owned my own PC for at least 4 years by then. I remember being pissed when protected memory showed up on the scene and I couldn't make computers do crazy thing by rewriting random bits of memory at will anymore. Now -those- we're games. :)", "QBasic is the first language I learned. This game was great.", "GoSub", "CLS : SCREEN 2", "Well your English is pretty decent, even though it's not your first language.", "I learned how to program on Apple II's before moving on to Qbasic, then Qbasic 4.5, then HTML, then C++, then screw it.", "ZX80 for me, then the apple IIe a few years later.", "OMG I remember this, you throw bannas right? can you still download this, I remember it being qbasic or something in DOS", "http://www.kongregate.com/games/moly/gorillas-bas", "Oooh :)", "On your cake day too?  You give rather than get, what a mench.", "You, Sir or Maam, deserve this upvote on your cakeday.", "I honestly hadn't even noticed until I posted the comment &gt;_&gt;", "qbasic :-)", "I was amazed when I found out you could just go into the code and change things.  \n\nAnd then it was never quite as fun...", "Really?\nI gave the gorillas dingles, then laughed maniacally when the next kid jumped on to play and got in trouble", "You win this round, Cobb.  All I did was mess with the numbers.  Your plan was WAY better than mine!", "Too bad there were so few frames, a waggling gorilla dick really would have made the game", "I remember you could turn them into robots, been far too long for me to remember where in the code, but I think you just changed the text gorilla to robot.", "It was definitely QBasic. QBasic came standard with Windows 3.x and when I was in 7th grade, at least half the computers were still running 3.1. In fact, this game is what got me interested in programming, so I started learning QBasic and later got my computer science degree.", "gimmeeeeeee", "I loved that game so much! played it all the time.  yeah you shoot bananas adjust the strengh and angle. and watch for the wind direction. loved it", "Bananana", "Pffft, thats still not \"old\", kid ... \nhttp://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/01/Screenshot_of_Zork_running_on_Frotz_through_iTerm_2_on_Mac_OSX.png", "Zork was absolutely incredible. For a game with no graphics, I still remember it visually. Simply awesome.", "I bet he ran it off one of those fancy dancy newfangled 512KB Hard Drives too.  Back in my day we had to boot from floppy, uphill both ways!", "Pfft we wish we had disc drives. We had cassette tapes and we loved them. Oh, pardon me, [Datasette](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_Datasette).", "Heh, in my beta application to TESO, I put \"LOAD \"*\",8,1\" that's how long I've been gaming.", "It was normal casettes before that, the old ZX80 I learned on had a standard casette player to load or save anything, you had to get the volume right or it didn't work.", "My cassette reader died one time and I became extremely efficient in typing in and optimizing a BASIC terminal program that I could use to dial in to BBS's. I think I got it down to 5 lines of code.", "You could dial into a BBS back then?  I didn't even know there was such a thing as a modem back in those days.", "Oh yes, this was around 1984. Lots of BBS's back then, not to mention CompuServe.", "I bought the hint books.  The questions were like \"How do I get past the river?\" And underneath were four boxes.  You ran a special \"invisible ink\" pen over them to reveal progressively more explicit advice.\n\nBox 1 \"If only you didn't have to swim through the water\"\n\nBox 2 \"Maybe I should look for the source of the water\"\n\nBox 3 \"The water is coming from the dam, maybe there's some way to turn it off?\"\n\nBox 4 \"Use the wrench on the control valve to turn off the water flowing from the dam\"\n", "Just chiming in from the 70's.\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Oregon_Trail_(video_game)", "And pioneers still have trouble crossing rivers to this day.", "Piling on - [Ultima](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultima_I:_The_First_Age_of_Darkness) was hours and hours of fun and the end completely blew me away. Bought it in a plastic baggie at the computer store for my friend's Apple that lived at his dad's office.\n\nFor home fun we had an Intellivision and [Sea Battle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Battle) was the game of choice but there were plenty of good ones.\n\nBut the biggest, bestest, most funest fun times of them all was battling against other people on the PDP-11 at the university in [DecWar](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decwar). My middle school buddies and I would waltz in to the university computer lab, flip the terminal from 300 baud to 1200 baud and then you could kick butt on the college kids. Later, when we got modems for our home PC's I scripted a DecWar player that never won by itself but it sure did a lot of damage... fun times.\n\nThe Zork games and [Wizadry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wizardry:_Proving_Grounds_of_the_Mad_Overlord) were such fun... \n\n", "confirmed. zork 1 was one of the titles I bought with the PC when I got to use an IBMer's employee package to get my first PC package, 1982 I think...\n(the employee deal was $4400 for this 8088 pc with 256K of ram, 2 - 360K drives and a green screen.  oh and an IBM-branded mx-80)", "Hello Sailor!", "Seriously this is like 5th gen.  These kids had extended *and* expanded memory.  himem.sys and so on.  Megs and megs!\n\nAnd gorillas.bas sucked ass compared to nibbles.", "Anyone else play dogfight on Apple ][e? ", "Are you Geoff Ramsey? Lol.", "Swaggy the gorilla.", "Don't you mean Goeff?", "yes... GOeff...", "VERSUS!!!", "[Reference.](http://youtu.be/Vi6YXGd1zq4)", "well done.", "Sure, that's an old PC game, but I'd like to provide some examples of contemporary PC games that weren't written in *qbasic*.\n\n[Secret of Monkey Island (1990)](http://i.imgur.com/cIuM9dR.gif)\n\n[Civilization (1991)](http://i.imgur.com/vWP7Gyh.jpg)\n\nand\n\n[Eye of The Beholder (1990)](http://i.imgur.com/xr5D8TC.gif)\n\nto name a few.\n\nGorillas is from 1991.", "How come Loom never gets any love? Ask me about Loom.", "You know what never gets any love? The Legend of Kyrandia.\n\nMalcolm's Revenge is arguably one of the best adventure games of all time. It was hilarious and featured true nonlinear storytelling.", "That's a good example!", "About Loom?", "So, what's the recipe for grog anyway?", "Loom, monkey island, and sherlock holmes came with my creative soundblaster/cdrom kit.\n\nGood times.", "Any love for Spacequest out here? ", "or King's Quest? I'm still trying to find online versions of Space Quest and King's Quest VI", "If you don't mind spending a little cash at www.gog.com (and these do go on sale quite often):\n\n[King's Quest 1, 2 and 3](http://www.gog.com/game/kings_quest_1_2_3) - $10\n\n[King's Quest 4, 5 and 6](http://www.gog.com/game/kings_quest_4_5_6) - $10\n\n[King's Quest 7 and 8](http://www.gog.com/game/kings_quest_7_8) - $10\n\nOr all 3 of those collections for $20 (it's the box on the right of any collection page, there isn't a link for the full pack)\n\n[Space Quest 1, 2 and 3](http://www.gog.com/game/space_quest_1_2_3) - $10\n\n[Space Quest 4, 5 and 6](http://www.gog.com/game/space_quest_4_5_6) - $10\n\nSame thing for this pack, get them both for $15.", "My strategy was to max out the velocity and then vary angle.  You'd see the banana fly off the top of the screen and then you'd have wait...then all of a sudden it'd come screaming out of the sky.  By a duck I malarious.\n\nEdit: \"By a duck I malarious\" is an autocorrect of Hy-fucking-larious.", "That autocorrect was duckymalarious.  :D", "found it!!\n\nhttp://www.kongregate.com/games/Moly/gorillas-bas", "Thanks for bringing this to my attention.  I wrote this flash game in 2008 and published it on my site with the source code.  It took me months to painstakingly create this to be pixel perfect.  I took a screen shot of every letter and character in DOS and meticulously sliced every letter to copy the font perfectly.  And now my work has been plagiarized with no credit given to me or my site.", "The original code (available here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gorillas_(video_game) ) has no license in it, meaning that the original authors' maintained their copyright on it.  Your version using identical graphics is infringing on their copyright. I might be wrong here but i'm pretty sure you can't claim copyright on something that is infringing.  (This issue is much in mind lately after full screen mario's release)\n\nI think your work is great and it's cool you made a flash version but I think it's a little weird to be put off by someone violating your non-existing copyright. ", "Well I appreciate your comments about my work being cool.  I think you make a valid point about my version infringing on the original.  At the time I wrote it my intention was to help young developers learn how to write an easy game in new technology like I did the from original Gorillas when QBASIC was out.  Thats why the source was available and heavily commented.  When I finished and started to promote it I came to the realization that the interest in the game was pretty much non-existent.  Basically the response from everyone was \"so what?\".  I  was also creating an 8-way multiplayer version of the game with robot AI and leader boards.  But after I realized no one was into it, I gave that up to.  \n\nBut now 6 years later I'm seeing that maybe people did think it was cool and I didnt waste my time.  And possibly things would be different with some original ideas instead of a homage to a classic.  \n\nDefinitely food for thought for me.  Who knows, I may be back at the drawing table again soon.  Thanks for the feedback.", "Proof?", "http://sourceforge.net/p/flashgorillas/code/HEAD/tree/ my original repository.  I own rickyroad.com where the game was first published.", "That sucks dude.  Hope this cheers you up at least a little.\n\n+/u/bitcointip 10 $ verify", "Wow thanks man.  It does.", "Can you explain to me how you sent bitcoin via reddit comments? I'm very new to the bitcoin game and would like to understand bitcoin tipping and/or sending money through comments.", "http://i.imgur.com/CwDYZqW.jpg", "Thanks. How long does it take to get an address?", "An hour at most?  I don't know, I've had this thing for at least 9 months.", "Good to know. I'll keep an eye out. This thing absolutely intrigues me. Thanks so much.", "It's pretty much instantly. Reddit makes you one once you get a tip (if it's your first time) ", "[[](https://blockchain.info/tx/07f2d7b50efca2f3ab97359fb250da47f9097deb8d95b50bcfc5ffe751abdab3)] **Verified**: [BadBoyNDSU](http://reddit.com/u/BadBoyNDSU) &amp;#8594; **&amp;#36;10 USD** *(&amp;#3647;0.01619617 bitcoins)* &amp;#8594; [topherker](http://reddit.com/u/topherker) [[**sign up!**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=bitcointip&amp;subject=Sign%%20Up&amp;message=SIGN%%20UP)] [[**what is this?**](http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcointip/comments/13iykn/bitcointip_documentation/)]", "BadBoyNDSU beat me to it, but you still sound like a worthy cause to me.\n\n+/u/bitcointip $2", "Thanks dude.  You guys kick ass.", "Ok, let's say someone tosses me a bitcoin tip, how do I cash it in for tangible paper money?", "You can redeem for cash via any of the services that link to your bank account (CoinBase is what I use). It takes a few days, and you need to (obviously) make an account.\n\nIt isn't simple, because the Department of Treasury considers converting Bitcoin to cash a Money Services Business, so any company that does it has to register with FinCen and comply with the Bank Secrecy Act.", "The mental gymnastics involved in admitting to literally copying something that isn't yours, and then complaining about someone copying you in the same breath.....it's impressive really.", "DUDE!!! Now find me one i can play offline. ", "find it yourself", "No!!!", "Wow.. I haven't seen this in years!  Gotta love the old QBasic games!\n\nMy favorite memory.  My Dad and I were playing on a 286.  \n\nHe went first.  So for his first shot of the game, He figured he'd be funny.  He set the angle to something like 86, and maxed out the velocity, hit fire, and the banana when off the screen super fast.  We waited and waited and waited for it to say it was my turn, thinking that the banana went too far off.  We waited a total of around 3 minutes.  Then ever so slowly we see the banana enter the top of the screen....and right down and hit my gorilla square on.  BOOM.   I'm dead, GAME OVER.\n\n", "I'm sure everyone that has played this game shares that experience. Insert ludicrous angle and velocity, wait 5 mins, win game. Super annoying when it hits your guy but hilarious at the same time.", "And when you passed a banana through the sun it made an O face. Good times", "I used to love this game! I played this with my Dad, he never really played any game with me past this and Super Mario Bros. ", "Man, same. My dad used to bring home his work laptop, which was probably close to the first personal computer I ever saw. I used to sit on his lap and play this with him. He was really against most video games and saw them as a waste of time, so playing this with him was really cool.", "\"video games are a waste of time. Now quiet I am going to watch sports for 2 hours\" ", "He actually didn't really watch sports either. He mostly just worked a lot. ", "Same thing. We had a PC and he used to play this with me every now and then. I must have been about 3 (I was born in '91), but I definitely remember sitting on his lap and playing this game with him. Nostalgia'd hard.", "This game is how I learned programming.", "Bouncing Babies &amp; Ultima 3 is as far back as I can remember. ", "Ultima 3 was epic though.", "BOUNCING BABIES!!!!! Why does no one else remember this???", "Well, that was a veritable tidal wave of nostalgia.\n\nI loved this game when I was younger, even more so when I worked out how to change the variables to do interesting things with building heights, wind factor, banana explosive force, etc.", "I came in here to say the same thing. Messing with the game variables was almost as much fun as playing it.", "Managed to get it running on my laptop 2 weeks ago - I got it from [qbasic.com](http://www.qbasic.com/games/dumpbyinput.php?input=Q/&amp;mode=1) (about halfway down the page) &amp; run it on qbasic on [DOSbox](http://www.dosbox.com/). Still as fun to play now as when I was 4.\n\n(Well, almost.)", "I remade this game in flash and published it and the source code on my site back in 2008.  I was working on an 8 person multiplayer version as well.", "I  played that on a XT 8088-640k-20mb-5 1/4\"-orange-black monitor, when gaming was just innocent,no ridicilous graphics, just gameplay...\n", "Same here, except I had a green-black display. I had gorillas, football, and Norton Disk Defragmenter with its wonderful animations showing the blocks on the drive being moved around. That computer had jack shit on it but I learned so much with it just trying to find something fun to do with what I had, particularly in qbasic.\n\nI miss the \"brong brong brong\" sound from the springs in the keyboard.", "Basically the original Angry Birds.", "this!", "Lode Runner anyone?", "Those were the days of super fun games. I spent a lot of time play Lode Runner and [M.U.L.E.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M.U.L.E.) with my brothers.", "I didn't know that game was in color.", "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zork\n\nAnybody?", "mother fkn win!! I would do illegal things just to get a copy of this on my pc now.", "if you just aimed directly at the other gorilla and set the throw strength to maximum, you would burn holes in the buildings at specific distances apart.  3-4 throws and you're guaranteed to hit your opponent.  The game updates the position of the banana too slowly.  it was hilarious.", "Damn you, I was scrolling through the comments thinking \"Yes, no one else has commented about the 90 degree max velocity trick\", but then you showed up! Have an upvote!", "Holy shit, this was exactly how I learned QBasic as my first programming language.  MEMORIES.", "fooling around with the code for this in qBasic was how I learned to program. Better remove the maximum velocity for bananas, and make the blast radius 4 times as big...", "That hit me right in the nostalgia. And it feels goooooooooood.", "The hours spent on this, Nibbles, and Dr. Sbaitso...", "i played that! man i'm old...", "Am I the only one that cringes at the metaphor \"I cut my teeth on [such and such]\"... Wish I didn't think so literally", "I'm not totally sure I understand it's metaphorical meaning. ", "In my day we just had [Donkey.bas](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DONKEY.BAS) written by a certain William Gates.  \n\nForget this newfangled gorilla nonsense, those flashy colors will rot your brain.", "[Yeah, damn kids, get off OUR lawns...](http://imgur.com/4Ofe4kW)", "These two kept me entertained for hours on my Commodore 64\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Below_the_Root_(video_game)\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montezuma's_Revenge_(video_game)", "I used to play this game with my uncle on his mega old HP back in the day.  Great times were had, we used to mimic the little dance they did when they won.", "I cut my teeth on [Castle Wolfenstine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castle_Wolfenstein). That and [Ghost Busters](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlqTmD_T9ws).\n\nI'm not so old that I played early zork games when they were new, but I still consider myself pretty OG.", "THANK YOU! I used to play this game with my grandma on her DOS run computer. This totally brought me back. ", "awww yiss, GORILLAS BITCHES", "http://www.kongregate.com/games/moly/gorillas-bas", "Fun fact. Someone's coding a game in QBasic, same language used to make this.\nHere's a link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqlveWIhCFI", "Zork or go home.\n\n... and be eaten by the gru.", "&gt; What is a grue\n\nThe grue is a sinister, lurking presence in the dark places of the earth. Its favorite diet is adventurers, but its insatiable appetite is tempered by its fear of light. No grue has ever been seen by the light of day, and few have survived its fearsome jaws to tell the tale.", "My first computer was a Tandy and [this](http://imgur.com/tmWQSLb) was the only game I had on it for a very long time.\n\nEdit: Oops URL fixed.", "Might want to reupload to imgur, it's a no hotlinking image", "Oh wow, it's probably been about 20 years since I played this. Always preferred it to Tanks, it was just more silly!", "damn, i gotta get me this game again.", "gorilla.exe (or was it gorilla95.exe)\n\nPlaying with my friend, I decided to tunnel through the building to hit him in a straight line. He was not pleased when I actually succeeded. It also taught me angles YEARS before I encountered it in school. ", "Kids and their fancy executable files!\n\nIn my days this was gorilla.bas", "This was probably the first game I ever played. My dad used to let me and my brother play it when he had to take us in to work. It was so much fun.", "Ive been trying to figure out the name of this game for years now. I used to play it at my uncles all the time! ", "Man my dumbass friend told me he wrote this game and made it himself, and I believed him. ", "&lt;3 Gorrilas", "hahaha, i used to love that game.  chucking bananas at eachother.\n", "What was the airplane game that came standard along with it? I'm gonna stroke out remembering. ", "Corncob 3D? I remember playing that and this at about the same time, or i might just be hashing memories together....", "No sadly, it was side scrolling. This is going to bother me...", "I remember playing this on my grandpa's old computer. The next year I was playing Age of Empires II: The Conquerors on his new computer.", "UW-Madison has an intro to Java class where we had to program this game.\n\n", "I remember sneaking this into the computer lab!", "I loved this game!", "pfff... hack\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hack_(Unix_video_game)", "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetHack", "NetHack was based on Hack.", "ba to the nana", "Oh man gorillas! Wasn't this included with qBasic?", "I've been looking for this game for a long time! I also miss a game that we just used to call castle...I know it was listed as one of the hardest games of all time....oh how I miss it.", "One of the first open source games &lt;3", "Bravo!", "I'm 22 and this was probably the first video game I ever played. \n\nMy uncle had a work computer with this, and Supaplex. Fucking great times. \n\nHe also introduced me to Red Baron and Prince of Persia", "The best part about Gorillas was you could change the size of the banana explosions. \n\nCrank that baby up and it's like you're playing with nukes.", "Ahh, thanks for taking me back to HS in the mid 90's, found this on a network drive I shouldn't be accessing and played for ages in school! ", "I always called it bananas gorillas. ", "5 year old me: \"Where is your computer? I want to play games.\"\n\n\"It's in the corner office. But, sorry, I don't have any games!\"\n\n\"LOL OKAY\" qbasic", "This was my favorite game when I Was young and I forgot what it was called :(", "[QBasic Gorillas](http://youtu.be/UDc3ZEKl-Wc)  ;-)", "I still have that floppy laying around somewhere.", "Gorrilas!", "hell yeah. gorilla gorilla", "Your games had graphics?", "[Coaster](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jY5F4AKSsOc) by Disney anyone?", "I was going to post about my high school physics teacher having us play a modified version of gorillas, then I saw this post.  He also had us all design roller coasters in Coaster, and see who could get the highest score.  When it came time to test everyone's coaster, he brought in a projector and we ran the coasters on a big screen.  One of the guys' last name was Gaebler, so one of the other guys called his coaster the Gay Blur.\n\nNow for the gorillas story.  He had modified the code to allow additional parameters like wind and varied gravity.  I believe it also gave the coordinates of the gorillas in some manner.  The assignment was to come up with formulas that, given the starting parameters(which varied randomly), the formula would tell us what angle and velocity was needed to hit the other gorilla. Pretty straightforward when you're not dealing with wind and you have standard gravity, but it got a little complex when you factored those in.\n\nTo top it off, he had actually written to Microsoft to ask for permission to modify the code and use it in the classroom.  He showed us the letter they sent back giving him the okay.  This was around 1999(though I'm not sure how long he had been using gorillas in the classroom).", "Qbasic for the win.", "What was the similar Star Trek game? ", "My mom and dad played this game before I was born.", "Ahhh shit.  I remember playing this game on windows 3.0.  Only game we had at the time that ran through windows.", "I modded the shit out of that game. Different projectiles, characters, projectile behaviour, suns...", "I love me some qbasic games", "Oh. God. *Yes.*\n\nWe actually had Gorillas installed on the Physics lab PC, note the singular. Many a free session was wasted with hotseat elimination games, all in the interest of fingerquotes *study.*", "I assume those are gorillas but they look like two giant fat white guys running naked on rooftops.", "i call it \"monk monk\" and played often at work with my buddy.  we even had a running tally of all the games we played on a white board.  i think when it was all said and done, we had played over 500 games...", "This was one of the games I learned to program with.  I would modify the code and see what happened.  I'm so glad for GWBasic and QBasic.  They changed my life and helped me decide my profession.", "I used to love this game. ", "It's still possible to run this in dosbox if you can get a copy.", "I remember learning how to program with this game. You could turn ordinary bananas into nuclear bananas, you could make bananas fly really fast or really slow regardless of your power and angle, you could make bananas float in mid-air and explode before hitting anything.", "I sometimes still do the little gorilla dance from this game while humming the song. No one ever gets it. ", "I know about this game thanks to this video!\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vi6YXGd1zq4&amp;list=PL1cXh4tWqmsE_dMOF8fydx0GT1DsYDCKW&amp;index=22", "Heh, this was the first game i ever hacked. \n\nFind the variable that controls the radius size (it was within a for loop if i recall correctly) = INSTANT NUKE MODE.", "Someone remade it in JavaScript.\n\nPlay the game here: http://michaeldeol.github.io/gorillas-js/\n\nSource code here: https://github.com/michaeldeol/gorillas-js\n", "Whoop Whoop Qbasic", "http://hem.passagen.se/hedsen/prg/games/gorilla.bas", "Hahahah i diged out this game from my moms office computer, she used to think i was a wizard. ", "No self programmed \"Lemonade Stand\" on the C64?\n\nBitch please.", "Never mind that it was German and only hit the PC belatedly as a port, but [Ballerburg](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballerburg) (originally just on the Atari ST) was ten bazillion times better than GORILLAS.BAS.", "Gorilla warfare.", "That's cute. You had color. ", "hey green or amber was a color...", "Little 4 year old me played this with my dad. I had no idea how to play, but god dammit was that amazing to look at.", "Holy shit was this the game where they would throw bananas at each other?  \n\n...I think you just invoked a memory I didn't know I had.", "I played with a Commodore 128D. That hog had power to spare.", "This Game was the shit.", "I saw the thumbnail and instantly knew.\n\nI miss you, GORILLAS.", "Bill Gates himself coded this, so I hear...", "wtf is this shit, ghetto Rampage?", "I actually have this on my desktop haha", "In the game, the max speed you could throw a banana was 80, i think. If you look hard enough in through the QBASIC code you can find the limiter and remove it. at 500 speed you could throw a banana through 5 buildings.", "Also alter the blast radius to be massive!", "omg i forgot about that! lol GIGATON BANANA ENGAGE!", "I mentioned QBasic the other day and everybody was either too old or too young to know what the hell I was talking about. For some reason I never really thought I would get to a point in my life where I would voluntarily surround myself with people that must have lead such different lives than my own.", "well, I \"cut my teeth\" on a Commodore PET playing ASCII \"Star Trek\"...", "Holy shit, exploding banana monkeys!  Gorillas was fucking great.  My sister and I used to play this quite a bit back in the day.  Fucking around with the gravity settings was the best part.", "got that Banana cannon?!", "Used to play this with my granddad. Good memories!", "My favorite game. Wish they would make a current Gen version ", "My favorite game. Wish they would make a current Gen version ", "yo dog, i usta get all up on this thing and i be flinging bananas like WHAT", "oh fuck yes QBasic", "throwing bananas so hard they phase through buildings", "You my friend should patten your time travel magic. You made me travel back in time 25 years instantly. Then travel back to write this note. Genius. ", "Taught me everything I know about physics.", "DOS", "Oh, it's nostalgia week on /r/gaming again. How long until someone posts Zork?\n\nNinjedit: done in the comments. Never mind.", "my dad had this on his work computer when i was like five, so when \"take your kid to work day\" came along we basically played this for his entire work day, seeing if we could get the sun to be unhappy and aiming for as much structural damage as possible\n\nhe still does that weird gorilla dance thing whenever he wins something", "What's with all those colors, moneybags?\n\nLight green on dark green is where it's at.", "For some reason my favourite edit on the code if this was to make the explosions freaking huge. One throw = complete wipe out. I miss tinkering with basic.", "I remember that one, it was pretty BASIC.", "For you Rooster Teeth fans http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vi6YXGd1zq4", "Mine was Secret of Monkey Island but also loved this too.", "You can tell just how old he is by his use of \"by golly\"", "Holy crap. I'm only 22, but I remember my brother playing this game when he was in a computer class a long ass time ago.", "Is there a way to play this still?\n\n\n\n\n", "omg! This is the game that eventually got me into game development!!", "Hell yes.  I've also impressed some of my younger classmates by using DOS commands.", "seriously.  people freak out when i open up a command line.", "HOLY SHI.... i played the heck out of this! Maybe my first videogame.", "I'VE BEEN TRYING TO REMEMBER THIS GAME FOR YEARS", "GORILLAS! I remember playing that game!", "That's cute.  Look at all those colors!\n\nReal men started with [Cannon Fodder](http://www.emaculation.com/lib/exe/fetch.php/cannon_fodder.png) in black and white.", "for a second i thought this was alley cat, that was my jam\n\n", "This is a great game for people stuck in draconian enterprise situations where all games are removed and disabled, little does many IT manager realize that this remains in most NT systems. I still play it to this day.", "Probably the first game I ever played. I would play it at my grandparents house, especially when I was to scared to watch Independence Day.", "First games I learned how to play. Nibbles and Gorillas.\nQBASIC FTW.", "In colour!? That's fancy... ", "Was expecting M.U.L.E.", "Not a screenshot of mIRC and our IRC RPGs? Kata! I am dissapoint!", "Young 'uns, all of ya!\n\n[Moria](http://i.imgur.com/PBbgSX7.png)", "HAHA played that one for ages :) those were the times", "this isnt even an old pc game, old pc games used hercules graphics, hell qbasic wasn't around during old pc game time.\n", "Thanks for the memories. Anyone have a link to where I could play this and maybe Rodents Revenge &amp; That skiing game?", "I just went on the biggest nostalgia trip.\n\n[Stargoose](http://www.myabandonware.com/game/stargoose-warrior-2th)\n\n[Jill of the Jungle](http://www.myabandonware.com/game/jill-of-the-jungle-1l3)\n\n[The Adventures of Captain Comic](http://www.myabandonware.com/game/the-adventures-of-captain-comic-1tv)\n\n[Arcticfox](http://www.myabandonware.com/game/arcticfox-7h)\n\n[Street Rod II](http://www.myabandonware.com/game/street-rod-2-the-next-generation-19t)\n\n[Secret Agent](http://www.myabandonware.com/game/secret-agent-1pb)", "Looks like a bad knockoff of Worms.  ", "This was my very first game - [Dangerous Dave](http://i.imgur.com/Jf3Ubxu.jpg). I have never finished it, by level 8 or 9, you're out of lives, you try too hard to stay alive, but you always die.", "Holy shit! Memories,  man! I was probably 11 when I played this. ", "I just used to hold down a number key to make a shield that you had to blow through with the bananas haha.", "My grandfather installed his own dos setup on my familys first computer, I think it was in 1994, along with this game (:\n\nThx for good feels", "Gorillas man.  First physics interaction game I ever played.  \n\nHaven't thought of this game in years.\n\nThanks for this.", "Hours spent on this. Till the house was broken into and they stole my computer. Man. Good times.", "Loved that dance after you got the kill.  I had to do it along with the monkey each time.", "Wow! This sure brings back happy memories of playing this and making other games in QBasic on my 286/12Mhz with 8megs of RAM.\n\nIt originally came with only 4megs of RAM but we paid the extra $2000 to double it.", "YESSSSSSS", "Hell Yeah...That's where I started too! :)  \nCopied the code out of a Color CoCo magazine into a TRS-80 when I was about 7 years old.  \nBeautiful.", "Ah man i used to fuck off in computer class playing this game lol", "Hell yeah. I had a cousin show me how to access this in DOS. Later exploding bananas would appear again in WORMS.", "I REMEMBER THIS! My dad had an old Q-basic comp way back when, and I'd play Gorillas on it all the time!", "QBasic!! Yes!", "This was the first game I remember playing from start to finish - Roland in Time http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrjBV-xGyKU\r\n\r\nNo one will remember this one.", "cannot, stop, playing", "One of my old favorites!!", "Nothing makes you feel old like someone posting a game that was made after you graduated high school.  Old game indeed.  _", "I still have this game. I run it in dosbox now though. Good times were had.", "yeah, Im sorry but OP is right. This bullshit where people are trying to pawn off 10 year old games as \"classic\" is getting annoying. I have underwear thats ten years old. the \"rampage\" remake that someone posted as classic is what really got to me the other day... I mean what the fuck? how do you play that and not realize its a reboot from the 80's?", "Gorilla.bas!\n\nI was so little but I remember this game. My older cousins would play it all the time and one day, they finally let me play. Great times!", "Hah, these were my first video games as well. I'm only 21 though. ", "I've tried explaining this game to so many people, and nobody ever has any idea on what I'm talking about!", "27 year old here. Played this all the time as a kid. http://i.imgur.com/OJ2rQbq.gif", "WHOA, I had forgotten this game entirely. ", "QBasic FTW!", "I played this on my grandpa's computer that had a turbo button on it.", "My favorite game as a little kid was [Freddy's Rescue Roundup](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b7/Freddys_Rescue_Roundup_ingame.jpg)", "what is this? Naked apes? Big swingin ding a lings for all the old maids to gossip about?", "I spent many hours playing this game. ", "I didn't even know this game was in color. I played it on an amber monochrome screen.", "I still haven't seen [this](http://www.activeinfo.ca/contents/PeterWilliamLount/GemstoneWarriorHealer/GemstoneWarrior1.jpg) one come up.", "so much better than Angry Birds", "QBasic Gorillas was the bomb....until you discovered Scorched Earth.", "I'm surprised no one has tried remaking this game yet!\n", "Uhghhh, qbasic.", "Strong John's", "anyone ever play dig dug? that shit was old. ", "swaggy....is this you?", "I actually just played this for the first time quite recently. Absolutely loved it!", "On my computer, it was gorilla.bat.  I don't know what all this -bas crap is.", "We had to code (most of) this for my Intro Java class freshman year of college. Lots of fun.", "That's got nothing on the Commodore 64 with drawer full of pirated games I had back in the day.", "This is how I failed programming class in 1995. This is how half the class failed. We just played this all class.", "3-2-1 Contact magazine, eh?", "I remember me and my brother coming to the conclusion that the best starting guess (first shot) was usually \n\nAngle:45\n\nVelocity:55\n\nyou would be surprised how many times it worked on the first try.  It felt almost like cheating.", "I'm 25 years old but back in the late 90's, my parents couldn't afford me a modern computer, so instead I got an old IBM work-computer, complete with Model M keyboard and Windows 3.1\n\nA friend helped to install this game and Tetris and I was elated.", "Hah! That brings back memories, I used to make illicit text adventure games in Qbasic in the early 90's when I was a teenager in school. Man i'd love to find that disk for a laugh..", "Oh my god... we used to play the shit out of this in Computer Science class.  We called it \"GO-RILLA BA-NANA\"", "I played this on my friend's dad's laptop. It was the first laptop I ever used, and it was before I even got my Amiga 600.", "I used to play Gorillas good old qbasic those were the days.", "I 'cut my teeth' on dig dug. This was back in 1988 or so. I played it on a PC using DOS to load it. I couldn't even find a photo on Google showing dig dug in all it's green screen glory. ", "And tanks! This and tanks, loved that shit!", "I cut my teeth on Apple II lemonade stand on a green monochrome monitor", "You should see a dentist about that", "Oh my god! This was the very first video game I ever played! I must of only been three and not understanding a single thing. But I do remember sitting on my dads lap while he let me mess around and destroy buildings. It must be one of my first memories!", "I don't remember color?!  Great game.  I think if you hit the sun with a bananarang it makes a sad face.", "Gorilla, in QBasic. It was bundled with MS-DOS 5, I think.", "Awesome game. This and sky roads for Dos was the shit. ", "Gorillas and nibbles were such good games!\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBmRUg74EBw\n\nThis was the go-to game of my childhood. I remember thinking it was so realistic the way you died if you dropped bombs while flying upside down. I had so much fun playing those simple games!", "My first computer game was [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BiMYjVvhxE) if we're gonna talk about old games. That, Dragon's Lair and Ghostbusters rocked my Commodore 64 after I finished my homework.", "This was my favorite game as a kid! My sister and I played it for hours. It was fun AND we learned about physics. I haven't seen that screenshot for decades, thanks for the memories!", "That's some high resolution you have there..\n\nThese kids and their \"old\" full-colour, 3D, surround-sound games from within the last two decades... lol.\n\nI thought Alley Cat was pretty damn flash when I first discovered games. I can still whistle the theme song from memory, over 23 years on.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alley_Cat_(video_game)", "Q-Basic represent! ", "GORILLA.BAS", "A banana for scale would really help.", "oh shut the fuck up you pompous prick", "swaggy wins", "You played it in *color*?  Lookit Mr. Fancy Dan, with his newfangled future display technologies!", "see-saw and sesame street on the commodore 64 were my firsts, well them and the atari...  hmm which did the family get first...", "AWWWW HELLL YEAHHH!!! Our Western Union terminal at work ran dos, and they barely hid gorillas.bas!!", "Thank you soo much OP !! This might be the first game I ever played.", "My grandpa was the first person I knew who owned a computer, back in the early 90's. I remember sitting on his lap, playing this game with him for hours at a time. He passed aways a few years later.\n\nIt's funny what can trigger good memories; thank you, OP", "There was a game that I had back in the day that was basically identical except you launched cows, does anyone know what the name of that game was?", "Holy shit, I haven't seen that game since I learned to program QBasic when I was 7.", "holy shit... I haven't seen this since I think 1990? This is the first computer game I ever played. This is the first thing I ever did on a computer! When friends and I reminisce about the first games we played I can only think of this exact screen shot. I remember asking my dad how to play \"that gorilla game\" and how excited I was to learn how to bring it up on DOS. I don't know anything about code or any computer engineering, so playing this really made an impact on me as a kid (I was maybe 5). To know that was my first experience with a computer as a general user is crazy. Thanks for the fond memory!", "Fucking Gorillas ", "Anyone else remember the game Mission Impossible for the Commodore 64\n?", "HOLY SHIT!!! what was this called? My brother and I had a scientist who lived next door and he always had us come over and turned us loose on this game. On his Apple computer (oooohhh!!!). Once he took us to his lab and we froze toys and even a fresh rose in a vat of liquid nitrogen and shattered them on the floor!!! He ended up going insane and moving away solely because of our barking wiener dogs. Even though he once loved them.  ", "my brother and i would sit at the brand new compaq and play this until our eyes crusted over.  looking back... i'm so proud that a we could figure DOS out at such a young age.", "I played this so much. I miss this fucking game.", "I just now realized this is a real game that people know. I literally thought my uncle made it and it was just on his computer.\n\nEdit: I just remembered why. The heads are upside-down. For some reason that made me assume it was homemade. Also, my uncle was good with computers. ", "I definitely played me some banana throwing awesomeness\n", "No, *you* kids and *your* \"old PC\" lingo.  I cut my teeth on *[this](http://www.atarimania.com/8bit/screens/space_invaders_3.gif)*, probably before you were even a gleam in your father's eye...", "[This](http://oldcomputers.net/ti994a.html) was my first computer. Granted, I didn't do much more than play the space-ship game on it and type 'Go dog go' to get an amusing (to me) error message. But it was still my first.", "Sweet! I got stuck with a TRS-80 MC-10 for my first. I remember looking for magazines with BASIC code I could input.", "Oh, yeah!  When I visited home my freshman year of college I met a new friend whose family had one of those!  I got to play with it a little and I distinctly remember being jealous of how easy it was to redefine the character set...  On the Atari, you could do it but it took some work...", "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vi6YXGd1zq4", "I played this game as a kid and I'm only 27.  Is 27 old now?", "...but you didn't play it when it was new and/or were too young to appreciate it. :)", "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gorillas_%28video_game%29\n\nI was born in '86. It came out in '91 and I definitely remember playing it around then.", "Geez look at those graphics!\n\npong4life", "FUCK YEAH GORILLAS", "HOLY SHIT!!!\n\nI remember this game! It saved me countless Sunday's when stuck at church. &lt;3", "You took a pc with you to church?", "If only! lol\n\nMy brothers and I snuck it onto a rarely used PC in one of the offices so we could play.", "That makes more sense...I had an image of someone hiding obviously under a blanket or something at the back with a huge beige box and cables everywhere with the chiptune-sounding intro blasting out, chuckling.\n\nWhich would be comedy gold, but ultimately unrealistic.", "\"And on the 2nd day...\"\n\n*8 bit explosions*\n\nGod damn you son...", "FUCK. YEAH.", "FUCK YES, Gorilla Wars.\n\nIt also helped me in geometry and physics with all the angles and velocity I had to guesstimate.", "Well, let's try 36 70 then\n\nFUCKING WIND CHANGED", "Holy shit, I haven't thought about Gorillas in years. What a bit of nostalgia!", "jesus fuck, i remember playing this when I was 3", "Omg Bananas.  I loved this game and tanks.", "FUCKING YES! This and Nibbles were my first games and we loved the shit out of them!", "Holy shit. I never thought I would ever see this game again. We used to play it all the time at the daycare my parents would take me to during the summer while they were at work. I never knew what it was called, I just played the shit out of it. /u/Kataclysm, you sir, are a god among men.", "DAE fuck I'm old?", "I posted this two days ago and got 10 upvotes. Thanks for ruining my night you reposting dick salad.\n", "oh wow i coded a shitty game like this a while ago. pretty easy.", "wow fuck the guy who downvoted me. i made a game similar to that one above in my free time easy as fuck.", "Tank wars was the original and it was amazing.\n"]["M-M-M-M-MONSTER KILL!", "UNSTOPPABLE!!", "Godlike", "HOOOOOLY SHIT.", "^SHIT ^^SHIT ^^^SHIT ^^^^SHIT ^^^^^SHIT", "Holy shit wasn't introduced until 2k3/4. ", "I loved how they took this announcer and used him for WC3 DotA", "Special permission to Valve to use him for DotA 2.", "And cs", "HEAD SHOT!", "UT will always live within Dota.", "**DENIED**", "Instagib in low grav oh ya so much fun back in the day. ", "UT really needs to make a come back", "UT3 was 2007. It's nearly 2014. I want UT14!", "I don't think there will be another UT game in a really long time. I remember reading Epic saying they were really disappointed with how UT3 was received and how nobody played it even though they kept supporting it for 2 years with free content (black edition).\n\nI just checked and there are only 5 players online in NA and less than 100 worldwide. Mind you UT2k4 is still pretty popular but yeah, i wouldn't hold my breath for another UT game. ", "That's rich. They are the ones that screwed the game up, terribly. It was basically a console port. The interface and menus were all made to be used with a controller. (Which they patched too long after the damage was done) The game browser was so awful you couldn't even tell if the game was full of bots or not. The pace was slowed down too much. Maps and style were unoriginal, it's like they tried to make UT: Gears of War. Developing it as a console game with the PC version as an afterthought pissed a lot of people off. Especially considering the PC userbase is what made the game what it was. They tried too hard to try to make a Halo killer because they wanted in on that tasty Xbox shooter userbase ($$$).\n\nEpic can go fuck themselves for trying to blame everyone else but themselves.", "i just watched some gameplay footage, i forgot i was even watching a UT game, everyone was moving so slowly.", "And any of the faithful fans of the original series were banned from the forums for criticizing the changes.\n\nSo instead of blaming themselves for making a shitty game, they blame the fans for not liking it.", "I remember playing this! It was a shitty game.", "Basically a console port?  You could unlock dual screen on the PC version.", "I definitely agree. They were trying to join the console gamer cliche and not stick to what they had best going for themselves. It's entirely their fault. I still love both Unreal and Unreal Tournament but shall never reinstall UT3 ever again. I feel bad for the person who even bought it for me. Worst $60 dollar ever. ", "I played exactly 1 UT3 game. Turned it off and I've not played it since. The game was awful. The gameplay simply sucked. I seem to remember it being really complicated. The graphics just looked brown. No longer was it the fast paced gibbing action I was used to in UT99/2004.", "Here I was trying to remember why I stopped playing it. Sure, the gameplay was \"meh\" but the menus were downright awful!", "&gt;The interface and menus were all made to be used with a controller\n\nI hate this so much. Is it seriously that hard to develop a UI suitable for a mouse without having to patch it or let someone mod it?", "Pretty much this, the only thing I liked about UT3 were the new vehicles, the hoverboard, and the grappling hook.", "You're right.  That *is* rich.", "I played UT3 at a convention. I could barely tell what weapon I was using half the time until I fired it. The map I was playing on seemed unintuitive, and I ambled along like I was playing CoD or something.\n\nI was coming first until I had to leave, though, so that's a gratifying thought. Though I don't think the other players had even played a UT before.", "\"People\".", "Epic screwed around with \"the feel\" of the game. UT and UT2k4 were always real fast feeling. My quake buddies would always be whiney about how everything felt sped up.\n\nUT3 was slow and just not very fun.", "What? These must not have been Quake III players. Everything I *like* about that game is that it's a fast paced twitch shooter, and that's the same reason I loved playing UT99. ", "That was the excuse they always gave me... I always felt like Quake was \"easier\" than UT. The dodging mechanics of UT gave the players a lot more options for movement. Quake 3 was just simplified feeling.", "QW, Q3/QL, and CPMA are all considerably faster than UT99/2K4.... And their movement mechanics are much more difficult to master than *fire* *teleport* *double tap* *fire* *teleport* *doubletap* ... The UT movement system, although more interesting than modern fps games was simpler to learn, and master, and offered less options than the Quake series, where you can bunnyhop, strafe, circlejump, rampjump, etc...", "Oh man it was long since I saw an good old UT vs Quake flamewar!", "No flame war. I enjoyed playing UT99/2K series, but Quake is my only love :&gt; No reason why we can't enjoy both games.", "I played ut2k3/4 competitively back in the day and preferred UT to quake... that said I would acknowledge that the skillcap purely in terms of movement was probably higher in q3. Anyone saying that q3 was slower or \"easier\" obviously never saw either game played by anyone who knew what they were doing.\n\nBoth games are so similar to each other relative to all the boring FPS' people play today, but were very different from each other within the realm of arena FPS. In UT player models were smaller relative to the environment, and movement had less momentum in a particular direction, which meant that play was much more focused on precise hitscan aim. Top UT players tended to have a very low mouse sensitivity that would require the entire width of a huge mousepad to do a 360, whereas top q3 players often played with a higher (relative) sensitivity iirc.", " I have good memories of the Excessive mod", "Thank you for this comment, I would not have articulated it as well as you did.\n\nEDIT: Clarification.", "[Slow mechanics...?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PotRfkMiNA)", "It's been awhile since I've seen that. Nostalgiaed.", "I'm not sure if they said they were abandoning the unreal series, but I do know that they blamed UT3 on the reason why they refuse to release to PCs anymore.\n\n\nHonestly though, UT3, while nice looking, was a downgrade from UT2k3/4. Too bad they couldn't recognize that.", "The problem is call of duty and games like it. The fast paced twitch style shooters of the 90's have been replaced with a new generation of gamers that did not grow up with the style. ", "I think the problem is UT3 was a dumbed down console game. Epic turned their backs on the PC crowd that got them to where they are.", "How popular? I'd love to get into 2k4.", "You'll have to put a lot of effort to get into. Most of the people still playing are extremely experienced players. Trying to land a single hit against them is a nightmare.", "i dormed with an active player of UT04. when they're not vomiting bullets at one another, they do ingame parkour. its pretty damn ridiculous when they mix the two.", "Can confirm, I was a serious UT2k3/4 player for a while. Not only do you have to master all the different weapons and be able to flip to the right one in an instant, you have to absolutely master movement, be able to walljump, scoot, etc and adjust based on your opponent's weapon. You also need to be able to locate them by the sound of their footsteps, because a good player will do that to you and come up behind you. Lost some embarrassing matches before I got good at that...", "Ha, yeah. I constantly get raped in BF4 and CS:GO. I'm not touching this one.", "No, the problem is that UT3 was not a fast-paced twitch style shooter. It felt a lot slower and the graphics looked like your screen was fogged ", "twitch shooters like UT and Quake would never work out on a console. ever.", "UT3 was a disappointment MOSTLY because of the UI, simple functions like playing a game against bots with uneven teams were made incredibly difficult.       When you have a huge fanbase waiting for your game, and you lower your standards so much its incredibly disheartening.\n\nThen to add to that, they took any criticism of the game as an attack and were actually pretty vitriolic in their responses.  As someone who purchased Unreal, UT99, UT2k3, UT2k4, Unreal II, and UT3 I felt incredibly let down.\n\nI think it was CliffyB who I had actually really liked at one time, who really made me decide I just wasn't interested in the game anymore.  He made some statement saying basically, well fuck off you whiny PC gamers, Consoles are where its at now, and we don't care about your complaints or concerns.  Really put me off.  Although it was quite a while ago so I don't remember it perfectly.\n\nI spent literally like a month installing mods, working on compatability, and getting things set up so I could set teams etc the way I wanted.  Once I did, I used the already slower pacing and turned it down just a tad more.  Changed all the Models to Warhammer 40k, Changed all the weapons to Warhammer stuff as well or close to it, and the Vehicles on the conquest maps.  Got it all running perfectly... and never touched the game again.  It was pretty sweet looking though to see a horde of chaos marines swarm over the hill with a predator tank ripoff leading the way.", "Shit, I just re-downloaded UT3 hoping to find a game. I agree that 3 wasn't as good as 2k4, but I'd love to see a revamp of the series.", "&gt; really disappointed with how UT3 was received and how nobody played it\n\nWell no fucking shit. They tried to take the best parts of UT and UT2004 and apply a CoD/GoW filter to it all.  \nTake the Enforcer pistols. People were stoked it was coming back. People were stoked dual wielding them was coming back.  \nPeople ended up getting a craptastic starter gun with an equally craptastic burst on the altfire.  \n  \nEpic fucked up with UT3 but when it comes to accepting the blame, all they do is stick their fingers in their ears and go \"BLAHBLAHBLAHNOTMYFAULTGOW4EVAR\"", "Except UT3 was trash. :(", "The engine has at least spawned alot of good games\n", "like Red Orchestra, Red Orchestra 2, Rising Storm, Darkest Hour, Mare Nostrum", "It was pretty good but it was far from the glory of 04.", "Which was far from the glory of 99.  Nothing beats the high speed low grav instagib of 99.  Dat boostin'", "99 was a badass game but I don't think I had internet back then so it was just me slaughtering bots.", "Who needs the internet when you have Loque.", "Oh god. I think I started swearing at any early age because of that assclown. ", "[\"Die, bitch.\"](http://cdn1.image.bored.com/user/9774/media/3012569e47loque_JPG.jpeg)", "LAN parties. Dad can you drive me and my 100 lbs. PC to Mike's?", "155/55 ctf instagib represent. I never understood why people loved the civil war map so much, it was trash.", "You're goddamn right.", "UT2004 still has servers active on the main list.  not a ton but i have never been unable to find a game.", "Dang. Good thing i never played it. UT2003/4 was amaaaazzzziiinnggg", "It really wasn't *that* horrible. Still enough fun that i picked it out the other day and played for a few hours. No one online anymore but that doesn't really matter :D", "The patches (Titan update, Black edition) *really* pulled it out of a slump as far as quality goes. It's just too bad that everyone had already piled on the train ride heading out, because if they would have stayed just a bit longer the multiplayer would have kicked off and it would have been a game almost as good as UT2K4, I think.", "Dem custom maps. ", "I liked it ; (", "i liked the single player but online was just bots when i was actually able to get in", "UT3 wasn't trash, it failed hard mostly due to gamespy network play. If it used something better, more accessable, it would have hung around a lot longer. I've played all of the UTs, 99 and 3 have been the fastest most action packed games. 04 is nice because of the large world and diversity of the battle. I miss them, but my reaction time is not so great anymore.", "not sure we played the same game... UT3 was spectacular, in every sense of the word\n\nthe world just wasn't into twitch FPS any more, and the quakers... well they'll ALWAYS play quake 3\n\nquake 4 was better than Q3 in every way, and it didn't take off either.", "DOGTOWN!", "I feel like the devs focused on the engine rather than game-making. Seems like easy money to make something ONCE and profit MANY times from it. Then upgrade it a bit and profit MANY times again.", "the only good ut was UT99!", "Check out nexuiz and xonotic. They are both fantastic and feature that very map", "It was Cedric \"Innox\" Fiorentino who created the original Facing Worlds map.\n\n\nNobody seems to remember him, but this was his greatest accomplishment. \n\n\nHe even says so on his LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/cedricfiorentino", "That name has a very familiar, very friendly ring to it. He made several maps that I all enjoyed :)", "If there is one thing I learned in college, it was how to aim well with a mouse thanks to constant low grav insta gib death matches in UT. ", "This was my college. YES YES YES.", "They need to bring back instagib. No more of this health-regen-gunsight-view-clip-reloading-COD bullshit", "Low grav instagib 150% speed. There was a special name for this game mode, and tons of custom maps designed around it. It had a special name but I don't remember what it is anymore... pretty much the only mode I played. So much fun. ", "Ah, remember those custom maps that is basically one huge bathroom or bedroom? Those were the days.", "Rats was the shit! My favorite was bar.", "Yes, and there was a secret portal by the sink to a sniper loft in the ceiling", "Haha YES! I remember the one that was a bedroom + bathroom. There were lots more too... I remember some sort of facing worlds style floating space station that had jumps you could really only make with those settings turned on.", "155/55 is what you're looking for. The other popular one was 135/35", "I preferred 135/35. 150/45 was just a bit too hectic. It always felt like most of the caps in 150/45 came down to who got lucky enough to sneak through in all the chaos, whereas 135/35 felt like it had a bit more methodical style of play. Plus it seemed like every 150/45 server always had quad jump and trans enabled. Though that's probably just bullshit and personal preference :P", "I came here to say this.  This map with instagib is made me the rail god I was in Quake", "I loved it when noobs joined the server they would be like \"look at how high I can jump!\" *zap* **HEADSHOT**", "IT'S A TRAP", "&gt; IT'S A ZAP", "Fuck that's clever.", "Boom *Headshot*", "This and Deck 16. :)", "On that map we used the Strangelove mod. Instagib on hall of giants was better IMO. ", "I was the jerk who would spawn kill everyone on the sides of each building with a sniper rifle. Good times. :)", "You spawn killed with a sniper rifle on instagib?", "Low gravity instagib never got old.  Can't say this map was my favorite though.", "i loved the Instagib on the crane map with the super-jump-mod (not the low grav)", "I miss it so much. The only game I was ever good at.", "I hear ya brother", "There's still a (quite small) UT99 community. Come back and play. We still gib and gib and gib and fun and fun and fun.", "This was one of our favorite maps during LAN Parties. Strangelove mod lets you ride the redeemer around the map which is epic and beautiful. We used to play this one for hours.", "I remember being in middleschool and discovering my first map with a strangelove mod.  I never knew what it was called then.  And as a 12 year old boy, it brought immense amounts of joy.", "That got me into programming. I remember the strangelove mod too. I carefully studied that one, along with other mods, and crafted my own ones :D", "YEEEEEEEEHHAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!", "The soundtrack sends chills down my spine.\n\nEdit: http://youtu.be/i_0G6WPuss4", "Yup, I still play that track on a semi-regular basis.  Facing Worlds man, good times. ", "installed it at home instead of studying for finals last april. \n~console\n~addbots 50\n~addbots 100\n\nah fuck it\n\n~addbots 200\n~allammo\n\nRedeemer time", "Fuck that, turn on instagib and autoaim.", "Its actually a really good DnB/Jungle song.", "UT had a superb soundtrack. This track shows that, so perfect for the level", "Cannot emphasize this enough. Soundtrack was amazing for this game.", "*first blood!*", "Same team!", "Enemy flag carrier is here.", "I GOT THE FLAG\n", "*That was nasty*", "BURN Baby", "Anyone else want some?", "Nothing more prettier than a headshot to a enemy who is holding the flag.", "clicks INSTANT NOSTALGIA! kitten eyes!", "looking at pictures of the old CTF-BT maps sends chills down my spine. The people who could do bunny tracks were just the absolutely most insanely skilled players in the world IMHO. ", "The UT3 [version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_ZozVp4guw) is pretty good too.", "***/addbots 250***\n\nDid this multiple times in single player. Added bots until the game was just about to crash. Then run to the enemy base and say \"**COVER ME**\" to All. Watching hundreds of your team's bots stampede the enemy base was EPIC. Like something from Lord of the Rings..", "I have to go home and do this...", "i do this in ut and quake 3 too. Small map, /addbot 250, and invite some friends. BOT SLAUGHTER mode is fun as hell. We play 1st to 100.", "1. Add 250 bots\n2. Redeemer.\n3.winner", "Oh hey thanks now i'm getting nothing productive done tonight.What have you done.", "I had no idea you could go above the limit of 16 bots. Now I can make a truly epic battle in AS-MissileSilo. ", "Nice to see that people didn't forget UT completely. :)\nYou might want to visit us at www.utzone.de. We still host UT and UT2004 servers and are going to do so until the internet dies. Would love to see our servers flooded with blood and dead bodies again!", "I log at least 4 hours a week still on UT, i never gave up.", "It's funny because I was thinking about how much I missed UT. I remember playing countless hours on UT2003 with their Horde mode with some RPG mods in a server I used to go to. I made some good friends in that server too. I would love to get on this again.", "I remember playing UT2k3 monster wave mode (can't remember the exact name of the mode) on Silver's server. I'm pretty sure it was a woman and she made her own maps. It was fucking amazing. She had custom monster waves that got really hard and used instagib rifles. I'll never forget it!", "I'll definetiely join for some UT99 iTDM! Is there any RPG servers for UT2k4?", "that was my first FPS and this map is probably why i loved to play sniper in every  FPS", "I LOVED camping servers and monster hunt servers.", "Gave me the sense that I was actually good at sniping... \n\nThe next game after that for me was original COD. ", "This was going to be my exact comment.  Fond memories of this game. \n\nI NEED SOME BACKUP!", "Ahhh being on a sniper-hot streak as the only one defending while your entire team goes for their flag again and again and again...", "I got to where I could aim at the empty re-spawn points and score a headshot the split second after a player materialized. Good times!", "YOU BE DEAD.", "Ha Ha Ha! ", "Monster Kills with the sniper rifle and 16 man teams.  Dat forgiving hitbox", "Especially on Instagib...", "Perhaps one of the most unique FPS ever. Unreal tournament and UT2004 So Fking FAST. Can't believe epic killed it on UT3 and slowed it down. The learning curve on it was *INSANE*. \n\nI know they were trying to make it more inline with halo and gears of war, but they lost what made it amazing. Doing double dodge moving shock-rifle combos. You stop moving for sec you are almost guaranteed to die.", "I remember trying Halo after a long time playing UT99. It felt like everything was happening under water. So slow. So. Slow.", "And that's why I never appreciated Halo like my console friends. I grew up with Unreal, I played UT04 in tournament environments, going to Halo felt like moving in molasses.  =/", "I think the Quake III and Half-Life Death Match players may disagree with you...", "I can't speak for quake because I havent played that since the first two, but im pretty sure half life doesnt have double jump or wall jumps or shock combos.", "Nope, it has Long Jumps which are instant and can be done constantly without stopping not to mention bunny hopping which is actually faster.  Adrenaline Gamer was a mod for Half-Life Death Match that made it even more intense since you spawned automatically with the jump pack http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f7LSWe59rM\n\nUnfortunately these games ware 10+ years old and were multiplayer only so finding decent gameplay videos for them is kinda difficult but still Quake III was equally intense.", "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q76UNcuKSVY", "Quake Live is still a thing. Quake III, free-to-play edition.", "Quake 3 has a free to play version with a fairly active community, [Quake Live](http://www.quakelive.com/). Give it a go!", "The UT3 vehicle modes were greatly improved, IMO. It's all I ever played. But I do agree, UT3's Deathmatch and CTF sucked.", "No they really weren't. They were clunky and bad. Not to mention how shitty the hoverboards were. You took 1 damage and you went ragdoll which gave the enemy an insanely easy amount of time to kill you. ", "That's exactly how the hoverboards were designed, so that you couldn't just run away from battles. Even so, it was much faster to get around the map.\n\nIMO the vehicles were more maneuverable and had better physics. The manta is awesome and so much more deadly.", "Except you couldn't even use the hoverboards to get into battle if the enemy had any sense. They would just pick you off from a distance and laugh at you.", "The speed was everything. Other games just CRAWL compared to UT. It's the only game I got totally hooked on because it was non-stop fun (and frustration) for start to finish. Still my favorite.", "UT2004 was the bomb!!! Its the single fps game which took most of our multiplayer time. Amazing mechanics, weapons and maps!!!", "&gt; I know they were trying to make it more inline with ... gears of war\n\nlol.  Gears of War runs on the Unreal 3 engine, that would be why they look similar.  \n\n", "He meant playstyle wise.", "Love that moon. I remember it looking so 'real' and there it is, how many years later, in its 11 sided goodness. ", "Loved jumping off the tower with the low grav and shooting on my way down.", "[Also available in TF2 version.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1REf_l4Ubw)", "The TF2 version would be a lot better if it had a lower path so that a good sniper or two can't completely shut everything down.  It's much harder for a single person to completely dominate the map in UT due to faster and more erratic movement.", "Oh fuck yes. This and Morpheus.", "The game is Unreal Tournament, remember to put the name in the title.", "Thank you", "Unreal. Facing worlds. Snipe city", "I miss the golry days..Nothing well ever be like it for me.", "Well it was a sort of sniper training ground for me. And like you, OP, I have spent more time on this map than care to admit.", "The UT series had such incredible, open maps. This might sound weird, but sometimes I'll find myself in some new place and it'll remind me of a certain map in UT2003. The Egyptian one stands out as being particularly kickass. (Similarly, there's a stretch of I-25 going through Denver that reminds me of a track in WipeoutXL).\n\nI've been out of gaming for almost a decade now. Are there any new games that capture that same open feel with a futuristic vibe and awesome gameplay?", "This game is the game that made me want to go Competitive in other games (and Unreal 2003, 2004) and did it pretty well. I miss UT, I want a new one :(", "My childhood right here. One of the only PC games I would play for hours on end. I remember being banned in an instagib game because people thought I was a bot and I remember feeling such pride in my skills. Fuck they really need to bring this game back...", "i STILL PLAY this level to this day, got UT installed, i play max bots capture the flag sit at top with Allammo999 and just snipe for an hour or 2, Plus that level has the BEST song in the game", "I loved the hit box on the nali war cow, my friends didn't...", "Shazbot!!", "Every now and then I go back to Quakelive for awhile just to experience true fps gaming. Bf4, Planetside 2 etc all have decent gameplay and nice graphics but none of them come close to the fast paced glory of UT, Quake etc. They just don't.", "This map was the best with the Strangelove mod.  Grab flag, fire redeemer, ride redeemer all the way back to your own base!", "Hall of Giants was my fav. This was easily second.", "This and UT2k4 taught you how to FPS like a pro. This has to be the greatest FPS game to date. This map, it's simple and shows the basic meat and potato of a TeamVTeam game. Infinity stars, for Unreal GOYT and 2k4.", "The thing I love about this game, and hate about recent games, is that in this game, when you click on someones head, you get a headshot. In all modern shooters, CSGO, BF4, etc, there is soo much weapon spread. You have to be completely still, not breathing, shooting a single shot from your gun. Fuck that. I want to be in the air, spinning around, going 40 mph, click your head, I get headshot, you die.", "inb4 \"[FIXED] DAE BLOOD GULCH?\"", "Anyone seeking more info might also check here:\n\ntitle | points | age | /r/ | comnts\n:--|:--|:--|:--|:--\n[Best map of all time?](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qt9vn/best_map_of_all_time/) | 64 | 2^dys | gaming | 34\n[One of the best multiplayer maps ever \\(Unreal Tournament\\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1h5ufv/one_of_the_best_multiplayer_maps_ever_unreal/) | 1480 | 4^mos | gaming | 390\n[One of my fav maps on UT.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1fg09v/one_of_my_fav_maps_on_ut/) | 13 | 5^mos | gaming | 4\n[So we're doing maps today eh? Lost entire summers to this map.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1e91s6/so_were_doing_maps_today_eh_lost_entire_summers/) | 97 | 6^mos | gaming | 61\n[The map that started my FPS addiction. \\[FIXED\\]](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/18nwa7/the_map_that_started_my_fps_addiction_fixed/) | 81 | 9^mos | gaming | 28\n[If you make a map good enough you don't need to keep releasing map packs. 14 years and still going strong...](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/yl8kp/if_you_make_a_map_good_enough_you_dont_need_to/) | 1191 | 1^yr | gaming | 425\n[I'll never forget this place](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/x27y3/ill_never_forget_this_place/) | 14 | 1^yr | gaming | 11\n[The map that no UT player will ever forget.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/tzf7n/the_map_that_no_ut_player_will_ever_forget/) | 353 | 1^yr | gaming | 143\n[Many, many hours were spent here. \\[FIXED\\]](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/qov94/many_many_hours_were_spent_here_fixed/) | 11 | 1^yr | gaming | 10\n[I see your Online gaming 1998 and raise you 1999](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/pgk0h/i_see_your_online_gaming_1998_and_raise_you_1999/) | 612 | 1^yr | gaming | 250\n[Who has fond memories of battling it out here?](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/o77mv/who_has_fond_memories_of_battling_it_out_here/) | 1343 | 1^yr | gaming | 1226\n[Still my favorite map ever. Sorry sub-par shooters. FIXED](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/13o2gd/still_my_favorite_map_ever_sorry_subpar_shooters/) | 1257 | 12^mos | gaming | 587\n[My favorite multiplayer map makes me feel old.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1lga0c/my_favorite_multiplayer_map_makes_me_feel_old/) | 358 | 2^mos | gaming | 68\n\n*[Source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/gaming/comments/1qzop0/i_use_to_spend_hours_on_my_pc_playing_this_map/)*", "[I prefered Hyperblast.  The music is still awesome as is the entire soundtrack](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKP5gbuIM18)", "We need some old school FPSers back! \n\nIf this was updated enough to have a healthy player base I'd be on it right now.", "HEADSHOT *spawn* HEADSHOT *spawn* HEADSHOT", "Time to repost this again already? ", "This really was such an amazing looking at map at the time", "Actually had a UT99 LAN party last Friday. It was amazing how well we remembered to play this fucking game. Really need to set up a dedicated server.", "can we still play this online?", "Ha! This reminds me of the countless hours I spent playing UT while I had my Napster library on shuffle. I even remember my go-to cheat codes (god, allammo, loaded). Capture the flag was always my favorite.", "summon unreali.queen imo", "I used to run around with the ripper and not worry about recoil or grav and just decapitate people all day.\n", "www.globalunreal.com\n\n\nwww.prounreal.org\n\nThe game is still more active today than any of the other UT versions.", "This immediately launched me back to 2:00 am at the dorms in college....good times", "Oh man the monsterkill's I had with the sniper rifle on this map...", "Wow.. I don't remember it being so blocky.\n\n", "i used to stand on the top of the opposite team's tower and snipe them as they spawned.", "This map has caused the deep voiced \"HEADSHOT\" to forever be heard inside my noggin. This was before FPS Doug for me. SO MANY HOURS!", "MMMMMMOOOOONNNNSSSSTTTTEEEERRRRR KILL KILL kill kill....", "Facing Worlds was THE SHIT... I remember many a sleepless night in high school and college playing this.", "Ah, what a blast from the past. People hated me and my shock rifle combos. ", "Those teleporting guns were awesome trying to scale the building ", "I can confirm. Many hours of my life lost on this very map.\n\n\"Alright, it's midnight. I'm going to join this CTF match on Facing Worlds and just play a game or two before going to bed.\" Phew, okay guys, those were some great games. I'm going to hit the sack now. \"Okay, let's disconnect from this server and close the game. I've probably been here for an hour or two. Time to hit the sack.\" [Closes Unreal Tournament and takes a look at the clock] \"5 AM? Are you FUCKING serious? I just sat here for 5 fucking hours and thought I was only here for a few games? FUCK MY FACE.\"\n\nIt's a true story.", "Best CTF level of all time ever. ", "[\"I used to hide on the sides of the tower, in the dark. They rarely, if ever, found me.\"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ed9uP2-tiH4)", "i used to play this on the sega dreamcast, it is one of the main reasons i love pc gaming because of ut and q3", "Oh, this shit map again.\n\nI'll get three things out of the way:\n\n1. This map has a fantastic soundtrack, probably one of the best ones in the entire UT-series.\n2. The setting is really cool.\n3. If you have a problem with the fact that FPSs don't play like Point&amp;Click adventure games, finally there's a game and map for you.\n\nWith the tiny exception of competitive clan matches (and even for those there were way better maps), this map is a full-on disaster when it comes to gameplay. You'll have a vast majority of people who mistake the server for being a single-player botmatch, so they just stay up in the towers all game, because who the fuck came to help the team?\n\nActually, scratch that, who the fuck came to play UT on this map?  Certainly not the people in the towers, they've already decided that the experience would best be reduced to one weapon, really.  \nThe people who actually try to cross the bridges? Assuming they aren't just trying to make time pass until the server moves to the next map, they probably aren't so much interested in player interaction through movement and different weapons, as they are mashing those dodge buttons as frequently as possible; they probably also love the excitement of suddenly dying from a headshot delivered from one of the campers above. It's like the UT version of a roulette.\n\nOh, and why not add an easily accessible Redeemer so we can make people camp that shit too.\n\n*\"Monster kills from the towers and a Redeemer? What could be better!?\"*\n\nWell, putting the spawn points in such a way that you often auto-headshot people as soon as they appear. That would improve gameplay a whole bunch!\n\nThe list just goes on and fucking on.\n\nThe worst part is that UT, UT2003 and UT2004 were blessed with a *huge* amount of quality maps (official and community content) and yet for every decent server there was a \"24-hour Face only\" server. If you were lucky they turned on the Infinite Ammo mutator too! Oh the fun!", "The original UT was so awesome. This is a classic 2Fort map design. Loads of fun. After-work-hours lan parties at the office. Oh those were the days.", "M-M-M-MOOONSTER Kill (Kill) (kill) (kill)", "I played UT99 on and off for 10 years :) Great game, same as ut2k4 but ut2k3 was utter shit same as UT3.\n\nFor people thinking UT is slow or worse than Q3 (skill cap wise):\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVl8h2bgh0Q\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyr2dkJaDfA", "Holy shit, first time I've ever seen anyone outside my friend circle mentioning UT. \n\nFor me, it was the first competitive FPS I got into, I was so young when I started playing it, and managed to catch up in skill to my older cousins. Joined their clan, and we kicked ass.\n\nDamn, I miss those days. I still have the UT GOTY CD with me, and play it at least once a year, just for the old-times' sake.", "Oh god the nostalgia! In my cpu programming II class in high school 10-12 of us just linked our computers after completing the coding assignment (some Java bullshit) in five minutes and spent the rest of the time playing UT. Those were the days.", "Dose headshots.", "I played so much UT when I was younger. My nickname comes from that game actually. Always kept it\n\nI remember one online game, was it 16 players? The lobby was full and we started the game running everywhere. I knew most spawn items locations.\n\nI still remember this particular game after 10 years +. Out of all the players, it was a battle between me and another one. I kept trailing behind him but always one or two kills only. We kept fighting each other, killing the other players like they were nothing, focusing only on us.\n\nI never got the upper hand. He had to leave. He told me as he left:\n\nNow you can be the #1 \n\n\nThat match was the single best gaming moment of my life\n", "Well I feel dumb... I never noticed Earth below that.  This is the map with the cruise missile in it right?  Or is that a different game...", "Yes, it had the redeemer missile.", "\"I'm sorry, did I just blow your head apart\"", "I really miss this game (Unreal Tournament). #1 game IMO. I still play sometimes offline. I was 14th in the world once in Deathmatch. I used to make some maps too- the lowgrav bathroom type maps- I made a kitchen, bar, living room. very much fun. Miss it a lot. If anyone ever wants to play you can message me. I would even pay to make a server if its like $15/month. I wish they would release a new one. UT3 is terrible. ut2k4 was OK. original UT was so much better!", "Thought about how much I loved this game today, I was wondering whether anyone else still remembered it, guess this kind of answered my question haha", "You just made my day. Thank you good sir or ma'am. I used to play this all the time. Good times, good times. *goes off to nostalgia land* ", "[i remember as if it were yesterday](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ed9uP2-tiH4)", "M-M-M-M-M-M-MONSTER KILL", "in high school I fit this on a thumbdrive and shared in on the network. we minimized it in windowed mode and placed it in the corner of the screen. we had 20ppl lanning everyday The teacher had no idea we weren't doing our Visual basic. xD", "This was the best fps ever made as far as multiplayer is concerned. I've yet to have as much fun playing a video game.", "monster kill!", "I played thousands of hours playing CTF-FacingWorlds.unr.   What memories.  I might be the best flag runner in history for this map.   I was still playing it until 2 years ago believe it or not, and I think there are still a few public 24x7 Face servers out there.  ", "Picking off that one annoying sniperguy on the side of the fortress... by sniping him from the side of the fortress.", "My fav pub stomp tactic for this map was to infiltrate enemy base with a sniper rifle. Port to the rooftop and drop below a tier or two on the back side of the (enemy) tower. \nSnipe enemy offense in the back of the head as they run toward my base. \nThe Rifle had very little in terms of being able to determine where the shots came from, so it was hard to find me for a while. ", "Can't upvote this enough!", "Headshot!", "ut 2004 is by far the best fps ever. fact.", "aaaaaannnd im installing it now.. UNT2K3 ftw", "Not just hours, days!", "I loved playing sniper on that map. Great times.", "Was just talking about this map last night with a buddy.  Good fucking times.", "WOOOOOOOOOOW I played this for YEARS!!! LOVE UT GOTY '99!! :D:D:D", "Ahhh Monster Hunt was better.", "I still do actually :) Still quite a few active servers still running, and within those few a lot are running Facing Worlds.", "my first fps. I was so proud when i figured out how to switch maps and alter game types. Excellent for CTF, instagib, low grav and sniping from the towers. ", "This map was fucking intense as shit. I loved the fuck out of it.", "oh this map + chaos mods ... right in the childhood", "this game introduced to online multiplayer.  good god it was amazing.  instagib + grappling hook mod + low gravity was the SHIT.", "Going to the enemy base and going through the portal to the top and putting your piston hammer on it charged, waiting for their flag carrier to walk through and get instagibbed.", "Is there any way to max the level of detail for models? I recently tried playing UT again (GOTY edition from GoG) and the characters basically dissolve into stickmen at a distance..", "I still spend hours playing this map.\n\nLove me some Facing Worlds. ", "UT is definitely a game I hope they are going to follow up on. The original is still my favorite. ", "Doin' the dance, Doin' the DANCE, Doin' the dance...", "Anyone play this map with the Strangelove mod? \n\nOff topic but anyone in here ever play on a server called Rosebum?", "And by instagib you mean every shot was a headshot, right? I didn't feel right aiming for any other part of the body.", "No, it didn't have to be a headshot.  You hit a player on the other team it was instant death.  No projectile travel time like the rocket launcher in TF2.  You learned to dodge reaaaaal quick.  =)", "really learned out to teleport and telepunt on this map. good times", "After all this years, i still could run over it backwards, carrying the Flag, delivering headshots all around...", "NOSTALGIA! \n", "So many headshots from the roof", "FINALLY a game I can relate to! I just reinstalled 2k4 a couple of months ago and instantly got hooked on it. I love super fast games! Nothing I've played on xbox compares to it.", "I spent hours playing a community remake of this map in UT3. Some designs are just too good to forget. UT, CS, Halo and Quake have some of the best mapdesigns out there.", "UT was the best shooter of all time back in the day. This map, low gravity, capture the flag was incredibly fun, I too spent many hours here.", "My favourite map to use the Redeemer mod where you rode the missle. ", "CAN YOU HEAR THE MUSIC?", "Was one of the best maps to fly the redeemer around in.. Until the bots snipped it.\n", "CTF-Face", "Knew what it was before I opened it.  So damn good.", "wait ut03?", "Sniping on this map was amazing. Right as their heads pokes above the middle hill, BOOM.", "Sniping with the Ripper from the top of the tower. \nYes. I said the Ripper. I was boss at it back in the day. ", "Everyone's talking about snipers but this map is a dual pistol map. Once I got the dual pistols I would stay behind the enemy tower. M-M-M-M-M-Monster kill! I was completely unstoppable on this map ", "I still play UT '99 GOTY edition!!  There are still a decent amount of servers up and players online.  Mostly Sniper/Camper, Monster Hunt, and Bunny Tracks with a few Strangelove, Assault, and Instagib servers.", "The secret is to hide behind the flames at the top and snipe everyone", "MONSTER KILL", "This screen sums up most of my first year of college. If I wasn't travelling out of town to go to a show, about a dozen of us would play UT. I remember 5 hour CTF games that end up with a score of 2-1, playing across the University's servers.", "This video. This video right here. So many memories. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UY-K1__sTW0", "Question: Was monster kill the highest kill streak in UT'99? Or was I just not too great at the game? Because the later versions I'd attain the holy shit kill streak. ", "When i was in university me and my friends (now colleagues) would play that map in the classroom while waiting for class. It was really fun 4v4 CTF or FFA deathmatch.", "I logged in a few years ago and was suprised to see people still play this on the daily.", "Headshot!", "I used to just play that in a bot match and sit in the tower, sniping everyone until I get bored.", "I used to spend hours just starring around on that map! So pretty for its time.", "Reminds of the starsiege tribes map for free for all .", "Does anyone know where I can get a digital copy of UT2k4 cheap nowadays? I lost my old copy of the game. I really want to play some Invasion RPG.", "You are obsolete. \n\nQboda\n\n", "Good 'o Unreal.\n\nCan't say I spent hours on that map, but it was certainly enjoyable for the time.", "This brings back memories of the Star Wars maps and the maps where it was like you were in a giant house.  So much fun.", "Coret Facility. After playing that map on instagib i bought the game the next day. It and 2k4 are my favorite FPS's to this day. UT3 is a piece of crap.", "Can someone please tell me the name of this game without just an acronym?\nedit nvm found it far down in the comments its Unreal Tournament", "My favorite was Deck 17.", "It makes me so happy to see this.", "This game was so fun when there used to be LAN gaming centers.  I'd always look at my opponent's screen to see where he was when I was sniping.", "This was one of the most intense maps to play CTF.", "my all time favorite map. the music was killer too. hours playing CTF with the fat boy mod", "For those who don't know: Unreal Tournament (1999). Map is called \"Facing Worlds\" I believe. It's basically the most played map in the entire game. ", "Y'know playing it now it kinda shows it's age.  I mean really you can just camp your base as a sniper and pick off people as they spawn.  The spawn points were on either side of their tower.\n\nStill fun though.", "Oh man I miss this map. I remember being an RA in College, and during the times where we were the only ones on campus, Security would sneak over and open the computer lab for us late at night and we would order pizza and stay up late playing this with them.", "The memories......I miss UT", "[DC] Dead Cats, baby!", "Not knowing the game I initially thought it was the floating pyramid structure orbiting the gas giant in the Doctor Who episode \"the Rings of Akhaten\"... ", "Am I the only one who gets reminded of Beast Wars when ever I see this?", "This is the only game I have on my school computer!", "I fucking love the lesson this community is teaching the mods. Every post on the front page is either PC or board game related", "Still got my UT99 folder on pc. Used to play sniperarena mode up to few years ago. Anyone  else played on SDA servers?", "Nostalgia at its best.... I feel like firing up now. Someone set up a huge /r/gaming map and let's go at it!", "That map was so goddamn brilliant. ", "I AM THE ALPHA AND THE OMEGA\n\ngood times.", "The vertigo effect of the spinning earth below... the constant action of enemies coming at you... The only one I played more than this was the skyscrapers with the crane between them.", "ut2k4? the map is alright.. but I really cant stand people who play the same map over and over. it fucking kills the game and especially when its a space map (quake). ut2k4 isnt as competitive so I guess this is okay.", "Thanks for lighting up my fond memories of ut. Had a clan, met a lot of great people and will definitely check out one of the semi active servers. I kinda wish people still played quake 2 online as its my all time favorite game that got me into multiplayer all those years ago.", "One of my fondest memories from highschool was having this on a USB key and passing it around to the entire CompSci class.  Third period LAN party, woo!", "Let us not forget this map with low grav and the arena weapons set to redeemer. Funniest deathmatches i have ever played.", "I only ever played the original one on Xbox live, but god damn, that was still the most fun I've had with a game online to date. I loved how people characters name would display rather than their account name", "I just bought this on Good Old Games and am loving it all over again.", "Getting up in the sniping spot was great. Headshot after headshot after headshot.\n", "Oh man, so many good memories.", "Go to the top and pick people off with the sniper", "Fantastic map.\n\nHave played a few 15-30 player insta-ctf games on it this week.\n\nIn [Sauerbraten](http://sauerbraten.org) it is known as [face-capture](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LAc0WxOqtnI).  Occasional Dust tribute in the rotation too.", "This mal was amazing. Spent 20 minutes monologuing to my students on break duty why this simplistic map smashes anything that COD maps just cant achieve. Ut2003/4 with low gravity and survival mode was the last time I had fun with UT what a shame. ", "Awwww yisssss\n\nYou could snipe for days....", "I loved playing the remake of this map on UT2K4. That game provided me with more fun longer than any other game.", "M-M-M-M-M-M-MONSTER KILL!", "Face + instagib + Loque = anger management final test.", "Hello, I actually run a community website for UT99. We have a few hundred people playing actively and competitively and quite a few people still play on the pubs as well (obviously not much compared to LoL but quite a bit better off than some newer releases). If you would like more information:  \n\nSite: www.globalunreal.com/forums  \nMatches every Sunday: www.twitch.tv/globalunrealtv  \nIRC: http://webchat.globalgamers.net/?channels=ipug  ", "I used to run 1 of the most popular invasion servers on 2k4 but I did love to try other modes and this map was one of the best!", "So many head shots...", "What? Is this the actual graphics? I had a memory of it to be almost photo realistic... :-D", "I spent hours fearing shitting my pants while falling off the map.", "I used to spend hours behind the rooftop teleport holding my impact hammer at the ready.\n\nI was a bastard.", "I topped NG stats for weeks while playing that map over and over.", "I always enjoyed instagib here.", "In Face, no one can hear you scream.", "railgun FTW", "Is that redemption grounds, or the version that's not overloaded with nukes?", "I once spent an afternoon racking up 1000 sniper kills of the enemy team cresting over the little hill in the middle.", "Pure fucking nostalgia!\n\nI actually got a blowjob from my GF at the time whle playing this map, because she wanted to see if I could still concentrate on playing while that was happening.\n\nI could not.", "Bender skin mod and a blimpy gun.... I wonder if I could get this to load again..... i should still have the disc somewhere...", "Best map ever made.", "Loved this map. I remember going in that small area with the sniper and just headshotting the shit out of everyone... that was all I actually did on that map.", "I loved this map! Teleporter on the right of the spawn point takes you to the redeemer. ", "i wish UT3 was as good as UT2", "[.](http://youtu.be/WTcmOIcWe8A)", "I remember in high school UT was installed on every computer on campus. Everyone would play every break, both boys and girls. Hell of a blast. It got removed after my first year.. the next years were never as fun... ", "Good old times when adding a map, a skin, a model, etc. only costed ...nothing, when now it's a 5$ cost per item....", "Just in case it hasn't been mentioned yet (on mobile can't search) TF2 has a full remake of this map. It's awesome fun.", "The best game of the series.", "That....was nasty.", "Played this against bots because I didn't have internet. Played it for hourssssssss", "FUCK YES", "Ha I remember playing this in the computer lab at school - the redeemer was useless until someone figured out that you could fly the redeemer under the asteroid, round the back of the enemy fort and straight into the back of their snipers heads.\n\nGood times.\n\nAlso the GOTY edition with bouncing proxy mines and grappling hooks - very handy for last man standing mode when you booby trapped your position and hung off the edge of certain maps where you couldn't be shot.", "Played the shit out of UT2k3 at school. In our Windows and Linux labs. ", "I used to spend hours at my high school playing this map XD", "The music in the Facing Worlds map was just as epic. I think it was called Organix? or something like that.", "didn't even change the title iirc", "I love that map. Get to the top tower and drop off the side to the top level tier edge. Snipe like a muther fucker for the ludicrous god like killing spree.", "I was playing this on Saurbraten yesterday", "Headsh--Hea--Headsho--He--Headshot.\n\n*Killing spree.*\n\n\n\n", "used*", "I was far more of an Assault player (Overlord ftw!) than a CTF fan, but this map was always sick. I was the asshole squatcamping the Redeemer door with the piston. So much noob meat.\n\n3 packs of smokes, 2 4packs of Guinness draught cans, and that was Wednesday night, either IT or Diablo II. Great times. Still have my Gamebox servers t shirt :)", "I can still hear the [music](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i214Bv5tPL4) in my head!", "Back in the day, I had this on dreamcast. A lot of players there had a keyboard/mouse adapters for theirs. I used my DC controller, and still kicked ass.", "Favorite Map Week 3.0\n\nHere we go.", "DAT MOON", "M-M-M-M-M-MONSTER KILL!!!", "&gt; Does anyone else remember this popular game?", "Bunnyhop? anyone?", "Dude, this map was unreal.", "I was the guy on top of the tower with the sniper plugging everyone that came over the rise.", "The tune for that map has been my ringtone for many years, and will remain for many years to come. Facing worlds was fun. unbelievable fun!!!", "So many headshots on this map. SOOOOOOOO MAAAAANNNNNNNNY HEADSHOTS!!!", "Can we stop posting this? I mean, seriously. Every month it's this, skifree, Chex Quest or Episode I: Pod Racer. Enough already.", "Is there a modern day equivalent to the UT/Quake style of first person shooters today?", "Aww, I got my first MONSTER KILL on this map!", "I had shit net beck in the day, but I swear I lost hundreds of hours playing UT with bots. Still my favorite MP game even though I never play it with other people. Shit, maybe that's why...", "Sniping hacks from the towers with impunity, so much lulz.", "Fuck you...", "My parents wouldn't' buy me the full game, so my brother and I played the demo of UT2 religiously. I still remember thinking that the graphics were amazing.", "I had nostalgic memories playing this map on \"sniping only\" servers. It truly was one of my favourite maps.\n\nI wish we could return to the golden age of PC gaming and really hoped that Epic would do a worthy reboot of this game. If only devs would concentrate on the gameplay and creatively designed maps more than just the graphics. I even remember the newer maps used to be released free as \"bonus packs\", unlike the DLCs we often see today.", "Someone revamped this into a tf2 map, seen it on a server i go to frequently", "Omg the nostalgia ", "I would love to see the original UT (from way back in 1999/2000) get a graphical overhaul. Do not fuck with anything else, just make it look pretty. I'd buy 10 copies.", "I thought it was Daleks from the thumbnail", "Use?", "This makes me wonder. Why did games get rid of the map preference options?  Maybe they didn't on PC, but damn it would be nice to play certain maps whenever you feel like it on consoles. This feature needs to be implemented in all games", "04'!", "That redeemer always blew my mind.", "this map was amazing. I used to love assault on the original ut too.", "I have a screenshot somewhere of me getting 600ish headshots in a bot ctf game on this map. Oh the days", "You guys' subreddit is back, now y'all can go be the best with each other back over there", "First time I played this map, I had taken a bag of mushrooms a few hours before. I started tripping my balls off and imagined that I was actually in a crazy battle, high above earth. Then I just lost interested in the game and started wondering how the fuck I was gonna get back home!!", "Sniff Sniff. =( RIP 2k4.\n[Finnishit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6IOxo5Y-FQ)\n\n5 on 5 ctf. Ridiculousness. ", "YES! Soooooo many headshots. ", "Love that music on the map. UT had great music.", "This was the map I mostly played, still do once in a while", "Did anyone play Unreal Championship II on Xbox? Absolutely incredible game, totally fast-paced, the third person combat element was great too", "Oh god, we used to play this at school sooooooo much!", "A buddy and I re-made this map using C++ and openGL in a high school programming class for a final project... This was definitely my favorite map in UT but I completely forgot the name of it - Facing Worlds. thanks for the reminder ", "Deck][16 has always been my favorite.", "Loved this game, Loved this map", "It was all about the UT strike force mod! :) good times, even optimizer", "took me waaaaaaay too long to realize that the map \"deva station\" was a play on the word \"devastation\"... wtf....", "UT3 is really underrated, and most people that don't like it were people that entered the series with the 2k3/2k4 games and didn't understand that UT3 was designed to be more like the original because Epic didn't like the direction Digital Extremes took the 2k games with dodge jumping and hitscan centric gameplay. \n\nI love UT3. I think its far and away the most balanced and well made iteration of the series. Every weapon is viable, no weapon is broken, and the movement and run speed are perfect. Its a real bummer most people don't like it. \n\nThe real reason the UT series can't really be revived is because UT99 and UT2k4 are so radically different from each other that different groups of people have different ideas about what an Unreal Tournament game should be. People thinking that UT3 \"slowed down\" the gameplay by making the game more like the original is proof of this. Its a lose/lose situation because people either prefer classic UT or the 2k style gameplay. UT3 was proof that you're only ever going to make half of these people happy, and even those half are just going to stick to UT99. Its a really polarizing game series and community but I think most people can agree they'd like to see another game.", "somebody just remake the original unreal tournament using the new unreal engine.\n\nno vehicles.  no game modes where i actually have to read the fucking manual to understand what to do.\n\nfast.  easy.  fun.\n\nbring it back.", "oh my god FACE was awesome.", "I preferred the map with the 3 sky scrapers.", "Don't forget Lavagiant!", "oh man. the good old days.", "Low-grav instagib ctf = best fps action ever. ", "Double jump and low gravity = jump from one tower to the other. crazy mid-air battles were always fun. ", "instagib!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "OMG, I loved this map. Unreal Tournament was a great game.", "dem graphics", "It was all fun and games until someone said that the sky was spinning... \n\nAlso, instagib and low gravity!!", "I played this for hours on HS computers and regret nothing ", "Interesting that so many here are complaining about the speed in UT3.  The devs were specifically trying to create a more in your face type of game, and they did a good job.  So while the actual movement speed was slower, the actual fighting was much more close range and hectic.  But I think this is what ultimately what killed the game.  The pacing was just never right, especially in CTF.  It was so overdone that it became dull.\n\nWe can put blame on consolification and so forth, but the truth is Epic achieved exactly what they wanted for the core combat.  It was the best implementation of that feel you could get, but it just wasn't fun.", "The Zark mod was awesome!!!", "That music loop has stuck in my head for all eternity... Tunununununun tunununununun tunununununu... aaargh! \n\nGreat map though. ", "Boo! go Niven", "Still the gold standard for multiplayer FPS games for me.  There has been no game since that was so consistently FUN", "I guess it's that time a month again where everyone shows there favorite maps... And by favorite I mean the most popular", "Wow the memories, I remember when i was like 11 i was playing this game on dialup in australia ON american servers. Id have like 400 ping and only play ZP IG servers :D\n", "yes! ", "I worked at a Kinkos back in '98-2001. I ran the 2nd shift, and two others there were gaming nuts - the 3rd shift dude and the photo lab guy. After 11:00, we would close down the upper production floor and go down into the computer area and turn on a gaming wonderland. We played so much UT and Quake that I routinely drug myself into the house at 3:00 to 4:00 am, much to the wrath of my wife. \n\nThose were some great FPS days. ", "God I used to play Unreal Tournament all the time on my brothers PC. His computer was the only one in the house that had it installed. I was too young to figure it out. Anyways I would set the bots up and just play and play and play. This was like honestly the first game that just got me hooked. I never played online because I was just too young and didn't understand what the hell I was doing. \n\nI loved doing the 'mission' type matches. Like defend this bomb in a sub. God those missions were so much fun. Like you had to go around and lower a dam or infiltrate a castle! I want to redownload for mac...", "I JUST FOUND A MAP I MADE ON SERVER ROTATION! {aka}LivingRm\nWOW...........", "Who plays on what server, or has their own?", "My friends won't play anymore because they don't like snipers on this map.  ", "Oh man, this is the map where I honed my sniping skills.", "Facing worlds what!", "GOTY forever, baby. Nothing else compares.", "Those missing polygons on the right side of the tower always pissed me off.  Come on Epic, patch that.", "I bet you were a camper too", "that music. ", "Oh fuck yes.\n\nI would teleport up to the little flaming thing on top of the *enemy* tower.  I would sit up there with a sniper rifle, and shoot would-be enemy snipers directly below me.  I would always wait until they popped their head up, so they'd think I was on my own tower.  I could to this often for over an hour.  Once they figured it out, they became super paranoid about checking the flame towers, so then I'd snipe them from my own tower. \n\nGood times.", "Ah I can hear the \"HEADSHOT\" sound now...", "Used to do this at LAN parties in high school. For hours all we would here is \"Headshot! Headshot! Headshot!\" followed by all the other messages it gave on killstreaks.", "Nothing beats UT'99, FaceCTF, Camper\\Sniper in those HUGE maps. Strangelove in those awesome twisty turvy maps. Played Bunnyhop too. Just a great multiplayer game.\n\nThere's still an active community, because the control and feel of that engine was perfect. If Epic want Unreal to make a comeback they'll update UT99 with modern graphics, but support all the old stuff.", "Ut99 was easily the most cherished FPS of my gaming past.  ", "Best Map EVER", "Good fun this one, a well performed rocket jump can get you across the entire thing with the flag. Good times having people wonder what the heck I just did.", "I personally like the [UT2k4 facelift of this map](http://img825.imageshack.us/img825/7353/ctfface3screenshot3.jpg), it just makes it so damn pretty", "Can you still play this game? How?", "I loved this map. Someone needs to make a tf2 map of this", "And tonight is the night that reddit single handedly brought back UT from the grave.", "Hours and hours and hours.... Would be scared to see the real number of hours spent on this map!", "Great scprt.\nI STILL go back and run the score up. Get to the top, fire, headshot. Son, MMMMMMMMMONSTER KILL!!! MMMMMMMMMMM!!! MMMMMMMMON!!!! MMMMMMONST!!!!!!\netc.", "For those of you who loved UT, there's a modern, open source fast paced game out there called Cube 2: Sauerbraten. It's great, reflex-based, first person shooter action.", "I've played this map on a game called Sauerbraten. Huh.", "YESSSSSSSS!!!", "What was the name of the missile launcher that let you switch to the missile's POV and guide it? Ahhhhh. Mmmm.", "I still do", "WHERE IS THE SERVER LETS DO THIS!", "Flack cannon!", "my childhood..... well teenage years anyway.. I miss it.. Can't go back now..", "You can still play it &gt;.&gt; it's one of the few maps populated at any one time.\n\nI miss the days of competitive UT99. It was so legit.", "Omg there was a map similar to this in unreal 2003, maybe a remake of this map but in between two huge tower bases there was a huge pyramid so you couldn't just snipe straight across base to base. I played hours in that map add well as hours in OPs posted map. ", "So much nostalgia. One of the main reasons I lean towards sniper rifles."]["Heh, haven't seen that game in a while. I felt like I was one of its only fans. Anyway, this PC stuff is ridiculous.  I'm a PC gamer, but I still love consoles too, if anyone on this sub should be feeling neglected, it'd be the board game players.", "Is it Spore?", "Yessir", "I loved the creation aspects of that game, but the game-play itself, after the villages stage, it just went downhill fast.", "Aww.... I liked space &gt;.&gt; though all my ships ended up being star destroyers.", "I thought creature and space stage were the best, space being the hardest.", "This is probably limited to only me, but I found the tribal stage the hardest.", "to a player with no RTS experience I can see how that would be. However if you've ever played any RTS game ever, it's laughable.", "That is definitely not just you. I always tried to kill off the other tribes but it was way too hard to pull off quickly.", "how did you play the tribal stage?  I always just bull rushed the opposing tribes and quickly took them all down, did you go the negotiating peaceful route?  I can see that way being tough.", "Not just you. Sometimes there would just be tribes that were large enough to be a constant hindrance.", "it was the only logical choice to make your warlike creatures a star wars star destroyer.", "I never really got into the space phase. the game just seemed to loose interest there for some reason...", "I had the same response to the game.  Everything was fun until space, then I got bored and started over.", "Spore phase and space phase were the best. But tribal phase can go fuck itself. ", "hahaha same here, but might small ships were x-wings.", "All mine were shaped like the Enterprise. Loved the mystery and openness of the space stage.", "It had so much potential though, and it just got too dumbed down :( Still enjoyed it though", "What?? I thought that's where the game finally got good. Space was extremely fun for trying to exterminate the Grox, and I would repeatedly play the City(?) stage just to dominate the world.", "Dude, space stage was the most underrated thing of all time. It was by far my favorite thing, other than creating to do. I had gotten rid of around 1/4 of the Grox on my ultra badass-agro character, but my hard drive crashed for other reasons, and the majority of my game data for everything was lost. I wish that the galactic adventures expansion was free or at least cheaper so more people could have gotten it.\n\nEdit: Was a \"grammatical train wreck,\" now is better.", "god this is a grammatical train wreck", "But it makes perfectly sense?", "Sorry. Was on phone, and didn't proof-read :(\n\nFixed", "I tried to befriend them but I had so many allies and systems by that time the game would crash every time I would make the alliance.  So I stopped playing.  Never got to see the end.", "It's possible to blow past the Grox and make it to the center without allying or declaring war. You can also take a shortcut using some black holes that deposit you quite near the center.\n\nThe endgame item, which you receive once you make it the center, is the Staff of Life, a 42 use ship item that instantly converts any world to T3 habitability.", "Yeah I got that.  But I really wanted to beat the grox in some way...", "I think running past the Grox is how you're meant to reach the core.", "I don't want this come off as bragging but it is, I defeated the grox by colonizing every planet in the game. ", "Man, Spore could of been one hell of a game. Instead, EA came in like usual to suck money out of its arse.", "The highlight of that game for me was watching Robin Williams play it.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5TXEUiR1Xk\n\nWho the fuck wouldn't watch *any* \"Lets play\" with robin willaims?", "Thank you. That was beautiful!", "We do have our own sub, though, and it's very active.  /r/boardgames", "I've been there before. I got board with it though... I'll see myself out.", "I fucking loved spore!", "come play firefly the board game or game of thrones the board game. yes board games are neglected as all fuck on here.", "I don't think anything sounds less fun than \"Firefly the board game\". ", "I loved Spore.  I didn't love how, when my computer crashed and I reloaded everything onto a new hard drive, fucking EA wouldn't let me reinstall it.  Plus that game is old as shit and still costs thirty fucking dollars.", "If you still have your box and code see if you can get a digital copy from Origin for free, that's what I did and it works great! ", "I don't.  I've moved like 5 times since I bought the game, and I'm pretty sure I threw it away in a fit of rage.", "I loved Spore. The online community was pretty fantastic for a single player game", "Me too! I've got a steam library with 250+ titles but given that the vast majority of them are indie or bought during a steam sale, I still  play games on console :) (especially Nintendo consoles since there's so little overlap). Picked up a PS4 the other day too!", "http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qzmlx/it_may_not_be_a_console_game_but_its_always_some/\n\nhttp://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qzicu/tf2_chess_pieces_by_neca_same_company_that_made/\n\nhttp://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qyo6k/awesome_onyx_chess_pieces_on_marble_board/\n\nAll front page so..", "I still play it! Although there are a lot of flaws I love it.\n\nAlso if I have 10 minutes to kill I love just making some weird creature, that's almost the best part of the game.", "Console games are great if you grow up with siblings. I especially love the christmas tournaments I have with my brothers  XD. \nHowever the development of team based mmorpgs, using skype is also great.\n", "I don't think most of the people here have a problem with consoles. And the posts aren't really anti-console, just pro-PC. \n\nIt's just the recent anti-PC drama with the mods that inspired everyone to post pro-PC spam.", "I feel like I missed something with this. What did they do? ", "Well I think it was only really 1 mod.\n\n[http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/1qxmee/why_was_rpcmasterrace_banned_as_a_sub/](http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/1qxmee/why_was_rpcmasterrace_banned_as_a_sub/)\n\n[http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/1qu5fi/who_is_uthorse_and_why_is_he_hated/](http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/1qu5fi/who_is_uthorse_and_why_is_he_hated/)", "People talked about PC hardware in gaming subreddit, a retarded mod put his foot down saying hardware talk isn't gaming-related, PC gamers made their own circlejerk sub, one or two people started harassing the original mod, admins banned the entire PC circlejerk subreddit, butthurt everywhere.", "I thought there was something about a witch hunt too.  Someone got the mod's rl info and called the cops, told the police they were *mod's name* and that they had a bomb. ", "Yeah, one or two people were harassing the mod with justifiably bannable offenses. Asking the mod why it's okay to compare console hardware but not PC hardware is not harassment.\n\nBanning an entire subreddit for the actions of a few users is overkill.", "Drama? Did I miss something?", "Yes. Yes you did. ", "you not noticing the mass amount of pc posts on this subreddit? notice how the admin of this subreddit is not fucking with pc posts anymore? ya.", "Nope. Just reddit. ", "We don't hate consoles, we just hate the people that think consoles are better.", "And what about if consoles are better *for me*? PC has some amazing advantages. Low starting cost, a psn or Xbox live equivalent community (I,e steam) that probably exceeds in functionality, hardware advantages resulting in resolution, fps, etc that consoles cannot compete with. But PC cannot get me halo 4, or the last of us, or Mario 3d world at this time. I can't really find any PC exclusive titles that interest me, other then RTS games. I'm on /r/gaming a lot and I can't see anyone (other then maybe a certain mod) that believes that console is superior to PC in terms of performance. But for me, the last of us was one of the defining moments of the last gen and it isn't available in anyway on PC.", "Not going to get in to PC vs console argument but tbh, if there was only PCs you'd have both Halo and Last of Us on pc. Technically speaking consoles make restrictions look like options/freedom. It's kind of like kidnapping, you wanna play this game? Buy my 500 dollars box first.", "And without consoles it's entirely possible the gaming industry wouldn't be doing so hot. Most people are not tech savvy enough to get into PC gaming, without restrictions the technology would rapidly shoot up but so would cost. So while PC gaming is inexpensive to start, it's not cheap to keep up with the latest and greatest. \r\rLike it or not PC gaming DOES have downsides. Whether or not those downsides really affect you or me is irrelevant if they affect the casual console gamer that is helping to drive and grow the industry then it hurts us all. Things like the Dreamcast having it's life shortened, or ridiculous articles and analysts predicting the death of PC gaming hurts us all as gamers.", "Fuck you, stop spouting that unfounded bullshit claim.  Gaming would be dead without consoles, resale alone has kept it going so well.", "i definitely understand but for me i just weighed the pros and cons when i decided to either buy a pc or buy a console and tbh 500 dollars isnt worth exclusives due to lower performance and visual quality in other games", "That's perfectly fine. We're all gamers here. All of the facts presented by PC and console gamers exist, so it boils down your personal preferences and at that point no one is wrong. The health of the industry as a whole should be primary concern. Screw fanboys.", "Isn't there a 360 emulator out there somewhere now? ", "no", "thats not saying he consoles are better thats saying the exclusives are better.", "Maybe you should re read my comments and realize I'm not making an argument on which one is definitively better. Because you cannot do that! I like ALL forms of gaming because they all have advantages and disadvantages. Because of that I boils down to personal preference. If you prefer the freedom of PC and the downsides don't bother you then more power to you. What I am saying is some people don't like the downsides of PC gaming, just like you don't like the downsides of consoles.", "ok look. i am not saying your in a argument i am not even saying i like PC or consoles i am simply pointing out the fact that your whole paragraph was based off of exclusives while your first sentence gives off the impression of you about to talk about reasons the console would be better then the PC in some instances.\n\nAnd what about if consoles are better for me? PC has some amazing advantages. Low starting cost, a psn or Xbox live equivalent community (I,e steam) that probably exceeds in functionality, hardware advantages resulting in resolution, fps, etc that consoles cannot compete with.\n\nthis part just through me off.\n\nedit: in other words i am asking you aside from exclusives why do you like consoles because i am genuinely interested ", "Well, I've had trouble with getting older games to actually run. I have windows 8 and I bought medieval total war II from steam. The actual gameplay was smooth and crisp, as I do have a really good computer,  but launching the game was sluggish, sometimes taking 2 minutes for the launcher to pull up. I should note this is the only steam game I have that does this. I wanted to try the third age mod for it, it took me maybe 2 hours to get it to work (but that includes finding it on the internet and downloading it, so not bad really just an annoyance). I didn't have time to play it anymore so I waited a few months to try again. I'm not sure if it was steam, or windows updates but now the launcher doesn't even work and I may have to uninstall it and try it all again. It's experiences like these that frustrate me. I'm not computer illiterate by any stretch but the whole thing can be a messy ordeal when trying to manage mods, get them to work, etc...\r\rI also enjoy the social aspect of gaming. No way in hell will my wife play on a PC with me, and why get emulators and illegal roms when I already have consoles that will play the games she likes? Along the same lines, all of my friends and family are console gaming or play the occasional mmo, no steam account.. I have one brother on steam. So, it's a little lonely on my steam friends list.\r\rBut even after all of this, I primarily game on PC. I only have time for a little bit of gaming and I'm playing final fantasy xiv which is the best on PC. I have friends and family that play on there.  So besides the last of us a few months ago, my ps3 is currently a Hulu plus or Netflix machine for my family. ", "i have no problem with medieval total war play/updates although i am on windows 7. may, may not be a problem there. i see what you mean by the social aspect aswell. my family was general 360 gamers that refused to go to ps3 or PC until i started pushing them into it. [works for some i dont recommend lol] but it all seems good.", "I should reinstall it and try to find a better source for mods. Guy at work said steam has mods for games but I couldn't find them. Is that true and I just didn't look hard enough? I thought I saw a list of downloadable mods on the steam website. Is that where I download them or can I use the application? I'm still a bit of a steam newb.", "some do some dont and come from 3rd party mod  sites. i had same trouble with fallout 1 and 2 [colors went rainbow on me haha] check it up if you dont see it google it up.", "Emulators bro.", "Emulators don't support the company that made the game. ", "they could if the company that made the original console developed emulators.  that, and most of the older consoles that actually have emulators are out of the market so second-hand sales are the only way to acquire one, still meaning no money for the original company", "Give me an emulator that can run Halo 3 multiplayer and I'm sold buddy", "Can you play the last of us? How about halo 4?", "the funny thing is, it's not so much the console gamers who say that consoles are superior to PC, but PC gamers who claim that their PC is better. Like I don't know a $1500 dollar gaming PC will perform better than an xbox of 8 years old. But sorry for breaking the circlejerk, continue whining about how unfair this sub is which you are still subscribed to.", "All my bros from highschool have 360s and there are usually a couple of us on everynight playing games, can't convince them all to go buy gaming rigs.\n\nfriends &gt; superior graphics", "Well and that's just it, it's all about personal opinions. \n\nI love my PC for the exact reason you just stated, because it's easier to get 10+ friends playing all at once (for me). \n\nWho gives a shit what other people think, just pick whichever you want (or both).  ", "I hear you, i have a 50/50 split between friends on pc and ps4. I decided to upgrade my pc because I feel as if the friends who play on PC are more active than the friends who mainly game on console (plus all the multiplayer MOBA's and MMO's) but that is my scenario and not all are in that. I might still get a ps4 if it gets any exclusives i want (destiny being my only interest as of now which is months away.)\n\nI do have to say since i have played on my friends PS4 a bit this past weekend is I was surprised just how well BF4 did run on it, with very few noticeable frame dips... and it has god's gamepad for sure, most comfy controller bar none in my opinion - still prefer KB/M to wiggly sticks BUT for couch gaming i like playing with a controller - so i will be buying a DS4 for my PC.", "Pretty much summed up what is great about Pc in that one line.\n\n&gt; and it has god's gamepad for sure, most comfy controller bar none in my opinion - still prefer KB/M to wiggly sticks BUT for couch gaming i like playing with a controller - so i will be buying a DS4 for my PC.\n\n\"aww man I love the new PS4 controller, can't wait to use it on my PC.\" - I think I'm going to immediately buy the steam controller if they can make it under $80. Considering the tech involved I find that hard to believe. But it terms of making it less annoying to play games, touch pads interest me. Cause sticks are not very good for FPS and mouse based games. But hey I'm on pc [so...](http://gyazo.com/8742196fe97202b2f2da91ae16e28b03) ", "Truely, it's all about customization and being free to build and do what you want. Everyone's systems run different because of the choices of hardware and software. The option of choosing how to physically play the game with whatever I/O devices you wan't and video settings, mods, resolution's being nearly boundless. It just makes your proud of your system and interested in the platform on a whole other level, and keeps the games feeling fresh for years to come!\n\nThe steam controller looks so ideal for a pc gamer, basically two track pads will be more accurate than analog sticks, and a little less than a standard mouse. But Honestly the dual shock 4 is a hell of a controller! Those are the nicest analog sticks yet, in terms of feel and responsiveness, the triggers feel like a pedal not just a button with a spring, and I could see the touchpad (track pad basically) in the middle of it being usuable similar to a laptop track pad through modding latter on which would also be awesome for gaming on a PC. But i love it right now more than any other controller because it is sooooo comfy, eagerly await steams beauty!", "But perhaps if you've got no friends...", "...there's always steam sales.", "Why not both?", "Is Superior graphics your main concern though? When I started using a PC for gaming it was because I wanted to play PC games, and play games I played on console in a new and different way, *a la* Project Nevada in Fallout: New Vegas, or using Frostfall in Skyrim.", "Graphics always just were just a + for me on PC. It isn't my main criteria for playing games.\n\nsource : I always played and still play Nintendo Games", "Let me plug a keyboard and mouse into a PS4 for COD and I might be interested.", "Cod is made for a controller. ", "Sorry, but nothing will beat a keyboard/mouse for fps games.  The very first first person shooting games were on pc with a keyboard and mouse.\n\nCOD with a controller is like playing with a handicap.\n\n[There's no comparison.](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/xbox-360-windows-live-gaming-voodoopc-rahul-sood,10924.html)  This happens to actually be why I can't plug a keyboard/mouse into a ps4.", "[deleted]", "I can't argue their intent, whether or not they made it *for* consoles or not (and I'd like to see a reference for this statement, btw), but the fact is that it's available for pc.  And an average player with a keyboard/mouse will ruin your day if you use a controller.\n\nThat's fine.  You want to play with a controller?  That's cool.  Just don't try to pretend that there's something magical about a controller, when it's been proven to be less apt for shooting games.", "Frostfall + wet &amp; cold + realistic needs and diseases + hunter born = me becoming literal hermit.\n\nedit: fuck me, I don't want to get back into modding skyrim, but I want to play this + skyRe and Asis so bad. ", "Whenever I reinstall Skyrim, it's always a day or two before I can actually play because I download so many mods.", "I'll have to check this out.", "Same here. I purchased just about every game I played on Xbox (plus a few other suggested similar titles) on my PC for that reason alone, not even taking into consideration the superior graphics.\n\nMy brothers thought me crazy, asking why am I buying those games again when I've already played the krap out of them on console. They wouldn't understand.", "Skyrim on PC &gt;&gt; Skyrim anywhere else", "Project Nevada?", "Overhaul or at the very least major gameplay additions mod that adds new mechanics to the game if you didn't know. [Trailer here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juMWKWR_BCo)", "That's just your case though. For me all my friends play on PC and having pretty good rigs.", "Same here.  If I want to play consoles, I can play with maybe 2 people.  If I want to play with the rest of my friends, I need a half decent PC.", "Yeah all my friends are nowhere near stable enough financially to have a high end rig. It's easier to buy a $400 console so for me if I want to play with friends I have to be on 360.", "Friends? \n\nIs it on sale?", "Funny, I remember having regular (like, monthly) LAN parties with 10-20 friends. The practical problem was less convincing people to buy gaming rigs, and more getting all those gaming rigs in the same room.", "I feel like I'm one of the few people with friends that all have PC rigs.", "Funny, all my friends were like you when they were 14/15, but most of them now are all on PC's as they enter adulthood.", "I have noticed this as well. Why the downvotes?", "Because I'm 22 and all my friends own consoles. And making it seem like only children use consoles is rediculous. And pretty much every post so far is a circkejerk about how we just should get different friends instead of buying consoles we enjoy.", "Oh, no no, I meant no offense. I was just saying that was the case with me and my group of friends along with the guy I replied to. That's all.", "Doesn't matter if you meant no offense. You are just too ignorant to fully understand the words you type.\n\nSee ^^how ^^^that ^^^^works?", "You seem to think I agreed with the statement the guy I replied to said about moving to PC being a act of maturing.\n\nTO BE CLEAR. I DO NOT think that. My statement was only meant to say I noticed that as MY OWN group of friends got older, we gravitated to the PC. I'm not saying there is a correlation, nor did I imply that. YOU DID.", "Or in the adult case\nSensible Spending &gt; Superior Graphics", "Because a $400 ~ $500 machine that can *only* be used solely for entertainment is considered \"sensible spending\". Not to mention the $60 full retail priced games.", "To be fair, games have fucked up my PC too often for me to want to keep anything ese on my entertainment device. I now keep my work separate anyway, so either way I'm going to be spending money on a separate machine.", "Completely understand that shit does happen and computers can be very frustrating. But I'm sorry for your poor experience. I was more going off of the original comment that was generalized and poorly thought out. ", "If you're smart about it, they're one in the same. ", "Asked a few times already in this thread. Build a PC with the same power as a PS4 for the same price and I'll agree.", "/r/buildapc", "/r/buildapc has had a few threads about this topic over the past month. The consensus is that you can't do it for $400, but you can do it for $500-600 and get two free games with the graphics card purchase. This in part due to the fact that the PS4 [is sold at a loss](http://plus3intelligence.com/2013/09/20/ps4s-will-be-sold-at-a-loss-on-launch/) and in part due to economy of scale.\n\nIf you are a college student you can probably knock $60-$100 of the computer price by getting Windows through the student store or Dreamspark. PC games also cost far less than console games, so there are money savings over time as well.", "Already have a work supplied laptop for documents, email etc. It'd be pointless really. I built pc's for a while time to take a break. Besides I'm on to building cars now which is a bit more money", "[deleted]", "Wow. Fuck off.", "That's not a fair comparison because 1) a computer does more than a PS4 and 2) games on the PC are cheaper than console games. All in all, the affordability of a gaming rig depends on what games you want to play, how many of them you plan to buy over the life of the PC, and how patient you can be in buying them.", "huh, all my friends have PCs, don't have consoles, and all play CS:GO. I can agree though. You're more likely to buy a console to play with your friends than a gaming PC, although these days the gaming PC that's decent is cheaper and more useful than a new console. \n\nNot to mention torrents. Huehue.", "Mods. ", "Plus split screen.  I have a lot of casual gaming friends that aren't going to go buy a $300 console plus controllers and games, much less a good gaming PC.  But they come over, have a few drinks, and we split screen some nazi zombies or halo for hours.  Always an awesome time.", "Superior graphics &gt; friends.\n\nFTFY.", "Oh yea I forgot all PC's were good for, were graphics. Yea totally nothing other than graphics separates PC's from consoles. It's not like the online is free and the game deals are way better. And lets remember that PC's do not give you a lot of choice. And you can't play almost every game from the past 20years. Finally, PC's never let you use anything other than a mouse and keyboard, definitely unable to plug in any controller. I'm always playing fighting games and platformers with a mouse. /sarcastic", "glorious pc gaming friends &gt; crappy console friends\n\n\nget on it", "My friends have gaming rigs (except that one guy who has a Macbook but whatever it can play League...) Get better friends.", "Why would you ever hate that? People cant have differing opinions? I would never get a PC because I mostly play with a lot of friends and none of my friends play PC games. If I wanted to play PC I would be choosing to rather play by myself than with over 50 good friends.", "WOW, you realize you just did the same fucking thing you're complaining about right?", "[deleted]", "Sounds more like you're a hypocritical jackass.", "[deleted]", "Sorry, wrong person.", "Why would you hate anyone over such a trivial matter ? ", "Because humans.", "Damn, I keep forgetting.", "Ah, how mature of you.", "Both the mods and PC gamers are acting childish. ", "The problem is, the way your ilk are acting is exactly why people think so poorly of PC gamers. I have nothing against PC gaming or PC gamers in general. Play what you want, on whatever venue you like. But there's no reason to act like an asshole about it.", "While the PC crowd does come off as condescending at times, I find that the community in game is more mature and easier to work with (outside of MOBA crowds, screw those people. They are like Xbox Live kids with elitism disease). If I have a few friends to play with on console or PC, I'll choose PC for that reason. Also, when I play alone in multiplayer games, I feel better about my chances of not having my mother insulted and maybe finding people to play with that can work together. ", "&gt; more mature\n\nAs you can see from /r/gaming today.\n\n", "Hey, I was just talking about the experience when I'm actually in game. In person and on Reddit is a different matter that I'm not even touching. ", "Apart from the loud mouthed few, most PC gamers are quite nice and simply want to teach console gamers about what makes the PC a better platform for gaming. Nothing asshole about that.\n\nEDIT: Am I wrong?", "Personally, I find the PC crowd rather condescending. PC is better for certain things. Those happen to be the things they enjoy. Thus, it's a better choice for them. That doesn't make it inherently better. There are distinct advantages to each.", "I agree that some can come off as that, but I've met condescending people who play on Xbox and PS3. I don't think it's the platform as much as it is certain gamers. I game on PS3/PS4 and PC, and I've found both communities to be quite good. ", "Sure, idiots will be idiots. But I tend to see a larger proportion of people in the PC/console debate argue that it is a given that PC's are inherently better than consoles than vice versa.\n\nFor example:\n\n\"We don't hate consoles, we just hate the people that think consoles are better.\"\n\nCurrently sitting at over 100 upvotes. The irony of it is wonderful.", "&gt; Sure, idiots will be idiots. But I tend to see a larger proportion of people in the PC/console debate argue that it is a given that PC's are inherently better than consoles than vice versa.\n\nI imagine because there are a few reasons why PC can considered better (No fee for playing games online), but some of the other reasons may not be better to you. Example, I like that in 4-6 years I can have the choice to upgrade my PC, but someone might feel this is a negative, and that it would be better to just have a single platform with the same specs that just plays games, no matter the graphics or frame rate.\n\nFor a while, I remember hearing about how Xbox360 users being the most condescending gamers because they had party chat and how they didn't get their credit card info stolen by hackers, and I also heard that PS3 gamers are the most condescending gamers because they brag about free online and better graphics. \n\nI'd rather we judge the gamers, not the platform because it discredits any of the good people on a platform.\n\n&gt; \"We don't hate consoles, we just hate the people that think consoles are better.\"\nCurrently sitting at over 100 upvotes. The irony of it is wonderful.\n\nThere are also have people calling all PC gamers neckbeards, nerds, and in another thread (I believe it was the one that said \"You're on your PC, why don't you game on it?\"), many of the comments were just insults towards an entire group of people who share the exact same hobby as the ones insulting them.\n\nI'm not trying to downplay the fact that there are condescending people on PC, but I'm just trying to say that each group has these people, and the loudest voices aren't always the majority. ", "I'm certainly not trying to attack PC gaming as a whole, or say console gamers don't have their share of morons. It is purely anecdotal, I just seem to see more of it from the PC group. I see more people saying \"Look! PC gaming isn't dead! In your face!\" than I see people actually saying PC gaming is dead, for example.\n\nSure the individuals should be judged, but that doesn't mean that there isn't any validity to observing trends in communities. On a smaller level, hearing something has a particularly awful/good multiplayer community might affect my purchase of a game. Similarly, I think it's worth considering how much of, for example, the people claiming that certain features are utterly necessary (whether it be a given mouse, a certain type of game, a particular console, whatever), is just elitist hype and how much it matters.\n\nCertainly there are people who are just as negative towards PC gamers. But I don't feel the PC gamers usually do themselves many favours with their response. \n\nIt does go both ways, and it is stupid that there is such a division in the first place.\n\nAlso \"You're on your PC, why don't you game on it\" could kind of be taken two ways, I'm not really sure if it's meant to be pro-PC or not without more context, but I get your general point.", "&gt; Sure the individuals should be judged, but that doesn't mean that there isn't any validity to observing trends in communities. On a smaller level, hearing something has a particularly awful/good multiplayer community might affect my purchase of a game. Similarly, I think it's worth considering how much of, for example, the people claiming that certain features are utterly necessary (whether it be a given mouse, a certain type of game, a particular console, whatever), is just elitist hype and how much it matters.\n\n\nThe problem is, it's difficult to observe large trends in a community by yourself because you'll just be going by what you see.\n\nI'd like you to tell me something, what do you honestly feel about console users like /u/Earthworm-Dave? Just read through his comments for a bit. Is he not a very condescending playstation user? I've seen him before, and all he does is tell people they are not gamers, and he deletes his comments when ever somebody proves one of his points wrong.\n\nThe things is, many console-only users I talked to act just like him. They post confrontational comments, and delete them if they get proven wrong, rinse repeat. But, I think of him the same way that I think of the PC gamers you've met, who post things like \"[lel $400 no gaymes machin] (http://i.imgur.com/gBi05ip.jpg)\" in response to \"PC gaming is dead\".\n\nI understand that someone can be frustrated by others' opinions, and that some may want to pass on that frustration by posting those things. Even if they are condescending on Reddit, they could very well be good people on their platform, and just want to troll for a bit.\n\nMaybe we just consider what makes condescending people really condescending. I'm not sure if you game on PC, but if you did maybe then you will interact more with PC gamers who don't give you a bad impression of the platform.\n\nI think I'm leaning towards us seeing things differently. If I felt the same way you personally feel, that someone believing certain features, games or consoles are necessary is a valid trend in bad communities, then majority of console gamers I've seen are bad. How many people in this subreddit today, have said something along the lines of \"How's GTA V on your PC?\". Doesn't a comment like that imply that even though you may not be interested in that one game, and talking exclusives the PC has dozens more, you do not have one game I personally like and I feel is necessary so I'll be condescending about it? But the thing is, the many comments like that don't stain my view of an entire community because I participate in the same community frequently, and I know that there are great people there. \n\nSorry for any spelling mistakes, I accidentally deleted this comment once typing it on my phone, and I'm just rushing through it again, but\n\nTl;dr Condescension after being frustrated doesn't necisarily mean that those people are bad in their respective communities, and this is an interesting topic to talk about.", "I'm sorry, what is the advantage of a console? Exclusive games? Resale? Better same screen multiplayer?\n\nOh.\n\nWell yeah, I guess if you're into those things I would understand, but PC is better at literally everything else. Hands down.\n\nEDIT: Also, I would wager the PC crowd is not intending to sound condescending. It might just be perceived as such.", "Stable development platform would be a start.", "What do you mean by Stable Development platform?", "The people designing the games only have to design them with one piece of hardware in mind. It can be totally optimised for that hardware. They don't have to worry about how it will run on slightly modified hardware, hardware that is being constantly changed and upgraded, that has a great number of variable pieces going into it in the first place. \n\nFor one thing, this saves time spent fuming at obscure forum posts from 2009 that claim to have fixed the same problem you have but that never explain how. \n\nYou can put a regular ps2 game into a working ps2 and just expect it to work.\n\nEdit: Pretty dumb that you're being downvoted for asking that...", "Yeah, I'll agree with you on that, as a PC player I usually have to spend about 5 minutes changing my settings before I play a game for the first time.", "Probably means that you can buy any game for your console and it'll run (sort of, there are always exceptions, anyone remember the launch of New Vegas?).", "... how about playing with friends because most of them have consoles...? I'd love to game on a pc but in the end of the day it's much more fun to play with friends, no matter how many mods or how much better the graphics on pc are. Though I guess the typical pc elitist doesn't have to worry about this problem.\n\nAnd nobody needs taught that a pc is better. Its pretty common sense", "My friends are on PC. It's case by case dude.", "No shit, good for you, but the vast majority especially outside of reddit, have friends who play consoles. How many PC gamers do you think there are at an average high school? Probably not many. Some people who like to game don't dedicate 6-8 hours a day and just like to play with their friends on a Friday night.", "I... how... what?\n\nI fail to see what this has to do with anything. You are stating your own specific experience and assuming it is the same case for most people. My cousin - who is in high school currently - is a PC gamer and goes to PC LAN parties pretty regularly.\n\nAgain, *it is case by case*.", "Your condescending tone is exactly he's talking about. ", "Again, not intending to be condescending. What part of what I said sounded condescending?", "The fact that you can't accept counsels are better for other people. You feel the need to correct people if their opinion differ from yours. That's what he's talking about.", "They used to be the better option for some people, but now the cost to performance console used to dominate at can be found on a PC. The only reason you would use a console is exclusives and if all you friends play on console.", "Having friends be able to just come up to my apartment to play some super smash/halo without having to haul their heavy ass rigs up the stairs is pretty nice. Lets not forget that having gaming weekends with two systems at my apartment doesn't burn a hole in my pocket from eight rigs running up my electricity bill. Asshats like you are why I really only play Bethesda games on my gaming rig, consoles and PCs are equal because they fit different niches.\n\n", "How in the world does what I said make me an asshat? I'm so confused!\n\nAnd LANs can be made easy if you build your PC around it. Get cases with handles. Maybe a laptop instead. I won't argue a LAN with PCs takes more electricity, but not enough for you to see a noticeable difference if it's just one night.", "That seems like a large work-around that doesn't really invalidate my arguement because you still have to carry the rigs(screens and all) up and down three flights of stairs. Also notice I said a gaming weekend(there are plenty of weekends where I have 6-10 friends crashing at my place all weekend), running that many rigs that long really does add up in electricity. Finally you seem like an asshat because you have a classic case of elitism when it comes to PC gaming; when in reality there are enough pros/cons of each platform to put them on equal ground.\n\nIt really comes down to how gaming pairs in with your life, no solution is going to be superior for all people.", "I'm not an elitist for stating the PC is a better platform for gaming. Because *it is*. It wasn't always, but when you can buy a PC that outperforms the latest generation of consoles at the same price you have to wonder.\n\nAnd no platform is as modular with as many options as the PC. Laptop, HTPC, Desktop, Tablet, Mouse &amp; Keyboard, Contoller, Motion, the PC has you covered.", "See that's the elitism right there, you couldn't come up with any reasons that invalidated my arguements so you jump back to \"performance\" and \"customization\". That's not really what gaming is about, well at least to me, it's about having fun and playing with your friends. Sure I'll have my days when I want to play my modded New Vegas, but give me a room full of my friends, some whiskey, and the ease of playing mario kart and I'll choose that everytime.\n\nObviously you don't have a friend situation like that so PC gaming works better for you, but for me it's the opposite. So I'll agree to disagree and you should as well.", "&gt; Apart from the loud mouthed few, most Christians are quite nice and simply want to teach those without faith about what makes Christianity a better belief system. Nothing asshole about that.\n\nIf this were the situation, I'm sure it would not be so agreeable for most people. How about you do what you do, and other people do what they want to do? Console gamers are not less intelligent, and don't need to be \"enlightened\".\n\n", "All I said was the PC was a better platform, not that everyone needs to move to PC gaming (as if you can't play games on consoles if you get a gaming PC). Where did that come from?", "[\"Your way of gaming is invalid!\"](http://www.freakingnews.com/pictures/13000/Big-Head--13227.jpg)", "In my opinion pc and console are pretty much the same thing now.  Just like phones are pretty much mini computers.  Some of us just evolved towards consoles with our friends so we could play together and have a fun gaming experience.  I can't play things such as super smash brothers on the computer, and even if I could it would take away from the fun of the game using it on a different platform.  All my friends own consoles and pc's and when they dont feel like playing console they go on pc and vice versa.  I think pc users are just a little on the sensitive side here.", "I think I agree with you more than I disagree. Consoles and PCs are more different than alike, with pros and cons, and some things I consider pros can even be considered cons by others (upgrading hardware = forced to upgrade just to play games). It really can just boil down to preference, even if there are facts in ways a PC is better for gaming.\n\nBut I agree 100% with your point about friends, I will be getting GTA V if it gets released on PS4 instead of my PC, because I've had tons of (glitchy) fun with my friends online and I prefer that more than all the amazing mods.", "Isn't that kind of hypocritical when compared to the comment you replied to?\n\n&gt;And the posts aren't really anti-console, just pro-PC.\n\nThat is, unless you disagree with the comment you were replying to.", "So what if my opinion is that my console is better for me? Yeah I still love my PC but I spend most of my time in consoles. Why should we have to be spammed with hundreds and hundreds of passive aggressive posts about the superiority of PC? ", "I think consoles are better.\n\nPlug into TV and play. No drivers, operating systems, or \"recommended system requirements\" necessary.", "&gt; No drivers, operating systems, or \"recommended system requirements\" necessary.\n\nIt sounds like you need to be *literally able* to operate a Pc to complete those tasks....", "It's not quite that simple. With a console, you can have mechanical failure and you're boned, but that's about it.\n\nWith a PC, you've got so much more to deal with.\n\nOperating system got a virus? Hope you've got hours to spare restoring from a backup or reinstalling your operating system. Otherwise you won't be playing much of anything.\n\nDon't have enough video ram to play the newest game? I guess you're boned until you spring for a new $200+ video card.\n\nDidn't update your drivers in the last three months? Hope you enjoy unoptimized games.\n\nMuch of this is hyperbole, of course, but it's the kind of thing I'm referring to when I say that I prefer consoles.\n\nYou just put the goddamn disc in, hit start, and enjoy. No other hoops to jump through that you have to deal with on a PC.\n\nThat's not to say that PC gaming is bullshit or anything. If you like it, that's fine, that's your thing, it's your hobby, I hope you enjoy it.\n\nBut don't come in here shitting on what I like just because it doesn't meet your standards.\n", "Not to mention that if your xbox goes red-ring, there are people EVERYWHERE who know how to fix an xbox, because there are only a few different kinds, and they'll do it for cheap. Something goes wrong with your laptop and you either spend countless learning to fix it yourself, you empty your wallet to get it fixed locally, or you send it in for $$$ to get it repaired.\n\nI'm lucky. My brother can disassemble xbox 360's of any kind, and will fix (just about) any red ring or problem for $20 to $40 and the price of any parts that needed replacing.\n\nEven if you don't have a local console repairing buddy, it seems generally easier and cheaper to take a console to a video game shop to get it repaired than it is to take a fancy, complicated gaming laptop somewhere to get it repaired.", "I actually prefer PC for a reason you listed as a negative. When I had a problem with my PS3 (and there were many), I had to send it away for repairs, which gets old pretty quick. But like you said, have a problem with your PC? Fix it yourself in 30 minutes.\n\nWhile what much of what you said was exaggerated, it does stem from the truth. I don't mind spending a few minutes looking up a fix for a game (Only had to do it twice), but it's still two more times than I've spent fixing a game myself on the PS3.\n\nAlthough your other points about viruses, re installing your OS, not enough video ram is a bit foreign to me, because they're either a silly way of fixing things, avoidable, and only recently I upgraded from a 5750, which played games fine at medium 1080p. PC games can scale very low, and some still require a 8800gt, which I think was released in 2007. Also, I've heard of you needing a specific OS to play a game, but I never heard of a game outright telling you that you can not play due to low specs, but if you have such low specs that you can't even start a game (assuming it's not the games fault), then you may want to upgrade\n\n(I know you stated that much of what you said is hyperbole)\n\n&gt; You just put the goddamn disc in, hit start, and enjoy. No other hoops to jump through that you have to deal with on a PC.\n\nI've been playing more and more PC games on my TV with a controller, and I'm starting to realize how wrong I was to hold this very same thought. You can have Steam boot up into a console style UI, and most games just adjust your settings for you. Most games that you imagine would support a controller, do support a controller.\n\n\n\nI think it mainly comes to preference, and the PC just had more that I like. I like having the freedom to fix and tweak anything, but I don't have to. I like having the ability to upgrade by the time the consoles are already becoming obsolete, but I don't have to. I also like the many exclusives on PC (it's close to 50 this year alone I believe), while currently on my PS4 the only exclusive I'm really playing is Killzone, and GTA V on my PS3 if you consider that exclusive. Once the PS4 starts ramping up, I'm sure I'll be playing it more often.\n\nBut people have different opinions, so enjoy your console dude. :)", "I totally get where you're coming from consoles are convenient. You press the Xbox button and you're playing games. There is value in that. \n\nHowever, all you're points for 'having more to deal with' are just as you said, hyperboles, so I'm not even going to go there...", "I avoid the virus thing by watching all my porn on my iPad", "Honestly, I just push the button on my PC and hope it works, I updated my drivers *once* because something told me to and that was it. This kinda stuff isn't explained in the instruction manual or anything, actually now that I think about a manual for making and using a gaming PC would be really sweet...", "Or have a good enough PC, which due to the ever-changing requirements for games, is not something everyone can afford.", "All games systems are luxuries of disposable income. Whether it's a $100 used Xbox 360, a $400 PS4, a $500 gaming PC, or a $2500 battlestation. Buy which ever your budget allows.", "That's not better, that's easier.", "In my mind, easier=better.", "Well, I didn't really enjoy having to troubleshoot the fuck outta Bioshock to get it to work on my gaming PC in 2013.  The only way it works right now is if I have my headset plugged in, which is like...what?  On the other hand, I don't enjoy BF 4 barely working on my PS4 right now.  Conclusion: fuck everything.", "that's just part of the circlejerk, just keep it in the right place would you?\n\nto clarify, we don't hate anyone for their opinions \n\nbut... we do kinda over flaunt and over explain the hardware when someone talks about the consoles being good.\n\nmost of us don't mind what you think as long as you don't declare it as fact.", "Fuck what people think. Just think what you like. Theres no need to get your jimmies rustled.\n\nE: Downvote all you want PC neckbeards.", "\"Hahaha fuck you for being reasonable bro.\" Good god people.", "as a member of /r/firstworldanarchists it is my duty to upvote you", "That's rediculous. I get downvoted to Hell for saying I prefer my consoles. I just don't have a good pc and I can't afford one. All my consoles have been gifts and all my friends play consoles, so for me, consoles are better. But this pc stuff literally is ruining my front page of gaming. I haven't seen a single console or regular gaming post since the pc thing happened and its frustrating as hell", "So you hate people that have different opinions... How progressive ", "Some consoles are better than some PCs.\n\nI have two PCs and most of my consoles are better than one of them.", "Obviously some consoles will be better than some PCs depending on how good your PC build is. Having two gaming PCs would be utterly pointless so I'm assuming the ones you have aren't exactly built for gaming.", "Yes they are. Both of them.\n\nOne for new games, and one for DOS games.\n\nAnd obviously that was my point all along. And I'm enjoying the downvotes from all the gabenjugend who have no brains.", "Thank goodness, I thought it was going to be something ridiculous for a moment.", "To many, a console is a lot easier and better for casual gamers. To me specifically, I own both. My 360, PS4, and PC all have their advantages. I use all of them.", "Well get over it. People always think X is better than X. ", "I am less inclined to believe that after seeing the massive surge in posts telling me I am not only inferior but also incredibly stupid for supporting consoles and inadvertently adding to the controversy between big name publishers by showing support to specific consoles. I think PCs are amazing for some games. They have an incredible potential for new levels of graphics, gameplay mechanics, and sheer multiplayer scale. Heck, I play games on my laptop while I'm up here at school. But when I am here, I wouldn't dare mention that I am planning on buying the Xbox One version of BF4 rather than the PC one.\n\nSorry to dump on you, I don't mean to accuse you or anything. It sounds like you are pretty nonchalant about someone's platform choice. Also, nice username.", "I don't think anyone in their right minds actually believes consoles are better than PCs. I think you're letting people troll you extra hard. ", "I think so, it's getting rediculous", "Can you explain why you think they are? I don't think anyone's actually explained that to me. I've heard the friend argument, but I haven't actually heard anything else that isn't marketing keywords. (And I am actually here to listen, I legitmately want to know)", "I enjoy counsels because of the simplicity, the price and also because most of my friends have counsels. It's not marketing buzz words, it's how I actually feel.", "Ok, good to know. Thanks for telling me :)", "Pcs have many advantages. For one, it's cheaper. Games are cheap. Graphics are better, it's a more social platform, better communities(IMO). I have made tons of friends by meeting them online.", "Oh, I'm fully aware of the advantages of a PC, I have a fairly decent one that can run pretty much anything from the past couple of years, however, I'm curious as to why people like console. I misread your original message as being about consoles like a derp. Somedays, I swear I'm frickin' dyslexic...", "Irony?", "Yeah... I'd rather have friends.", "Lol...", "and yet pc players always say pc gaming is much better", "Depends on what you are looking for. Personally, the current selection and experimentation possible on the PC platform is what has me sold on it. The PS4 seems to be looking at that though and will be working closely with indie developers. We'll see!", "Does anyone actually think consoles are better though? I hear people state that they prefer controllers to mouse and keyboard or the 360 online community to PC online communities but I don't think there's much debate as to the material quality that the two options provide. Everyone can see one of the 5 screenshots that makes the front-page every day about maxed out graphics in GTA 4-5, Skyrim etc. and know that by the time PS4, XBONE are released they'll at best be keeping up with current PC technology.\n\nTo me it would seem that the anti-PC hate comes from the fact that from a common-sense perspective PC gamers must have more time, knowledge, and money to put into their gaming (knowledge to build, money to buy and upgrade components). It's like \"Hey look at me, I'm obviously better in every way, you're such a stupid fuck for buying into this other thing\". IMHO it's a stupid circle-jerk in that everyone is firmly entrenched in their camps and no one will ever change anyone's mind. PC gamers are too busy patting themselves on the back for being smarter than everyone and console gamers are too busy jerking off too how many friends they have on XBL/PSN...get over it.", "And console users hate when PC gamers think that everything is due to PC games.\n\nI dont know too much on the subject, but wouldn't the masterful optimization used in halo 4 be something that PC gamers can thank console gamers for? \n\nUnless you plan on putting a thousand into a computer every year, optomization to different systems is kind of important.", "&gt;Unless you plan on putting a thousand into a computer every year, optomization to different systems is kind of important.\n\nA thousand what? Pesos? 1000 Pesos would be accurate at current exchange rates.", "This arguement again? There are so many ways to build a rig as powerful (more powerful even) than the consoles with the same prices. I know a guy who hasn't upgraded his PC in 6 years and he still runs games better than consoles do (this and next gen)", "I am sorry, but I find that really hard to believe. Not to mention, a lot of games that come out wouldnt work on his system if it werent for gaming companies catering to consoles. If consoles didnt exist, he would probably have had to push forward more than he does now, because his system isnt part of the main playerbase anymore.\n\nBut, this is all antecdotal, so theres no way to prove anything here.", "It's all speculation, not anecdotal. FTFY", "Well, his antecdote of his friend having a pc that is 6 years old that can outperform a ps4 is antecdotal, and mine is speculative. I guess I should have included both words haha.", "Not really.  Halo 4 was optimized for a completely different platform than PC, and was never ported to PC, and as far as I know doesn't use an engine that is cross platform.  On the flip side, Halo 4 was most certainly created using PCs.  Now the new console generation will lead to some optimization for PCs, but mainly through the mantle API from AMD.", "Yeah, but if it werent for halo having to run on a 6 year old system, no one would have tried to make a game look that good on a six year old system.\n\nI feel that other companies can look at what Halo 4 did right in the realm of optimization and apply it to their own game to increase the ability of playing on a longer span of hardware. \n\nI dont feel that consoles help out the realm of gaming technical advancement at all when a console first comes out, but when it is older, it leads to advancement in making a game from 2013 run on a mid range system from 2006.\n\nEdit: Fine then, just keep downvoting and dont pose a counter-argument. If you dont agree wtih what I say, argue against it instead of just downvoting it. I wouldn't mind hearing of a situation where a PC game went through hoops to try to make it look modern on an old system. Not trying to be sarcastic here, I would like to learn more of the PC and Console gaming relationship more than just people on one side flinging shit at the other side who is in turn flinging shit right back.", "I hate people who think PCs are better ", "But they are! Why would a console be better in any way?", "Because consoles are simple, have games that aren't on PC. So for a person who wants to play console exclusives then consoles are better. ", "[deleted]", "They are", "I hate consoles...", "You'er completely correct, I just don't like pro-PC things however. They constantly make me feel bad for even owning a fucking 360! I can't mention having one without someone mentioning that my style of gaming is complete and utter garbage.They say I should feel bad to call myself a gamer  because I haven't dumped 1k (which isn't a lot to be honest) into a uber, capable of runny ARMA III on ultra with fucking 4K resolution. If I had the money I'd do it, but I'm still very much content with the simple, dare I say, CASUAL style of gaming I have with the 360.  \nEDIT: I really don't understand. This community is one backward-ass place. I can't see how it's fine to shame someone who likes PC and console. I'm not saying in any way, shape, or form that console is better (I know PC is better) I just don't like how this community pushes console players to be shamed on and downvoted for not posting anything that resembles a \"Glorious Master PC Race\" setup with duel monitors, and have Skyrim with 10 aesthetic mods on.", "Nobody that knows shit says consoles are better. And I bet you'd be hard pressed to find someone on reddit who says consoles are better.", "That's a weird thing to say on a thread full of people on Reddit saying that. ", "&gt; It's just the recent anti-PC drama with the mods that inspired everyone to ~~post pro-PC spam~~ behave like spoiled, entitled, bratty children throwing a temper tantrum.\n\nFTFY.", "Whatever, *Buttlovin*.", "Shut up, *willbefatsoon*.", "You first, *AssholeGoblin*", "What anti-pc drama?", "Everyone forgot that a console IS a computer. They're both great!", "The phrase \"personal computer\" has specific meaning beyond the literal definitions of it's individual words, and a gaming console wouldn't fall into that meaning.\n\nBut I would agree, whatever platform you prefer is fine.", "I like all platforms cause I just love tech. Can't we all just be fans of technology?", "Well from a tech stand-point I think that PCs are objectively better than this latest generation of consoles in almost every way. The newest consoles are mostly just boring and underwhelming. The few areas they actually tried to innovate are just... weird things. If I did have a problem with the consoles it would be that they seem like examples of bad/lazy engineering and development.\n\nThe Steam console seems interesting though.", "Seems like I haven't spent enought time on reddit... What did the mods said?\n", "You can't post pics of your pc. You can post pc games, mods, and steam stuff, but don't post your pc. So ppl went crazy because they took it as no posting of anything pc related.", "I love old consoles when they were something different to PCs. Now they are just underpowered proprietary PCs.", "I've never visited here before until I saw it on the top bar yesterday and was curious, and all this bullshit going on makes me not want to browse here. It seems like a cool place to talk about new games and what not, but it's basically an ign message board on here. ", "Well this post sort of exemplifies why the subreddit got banned in the first place.", "Yeah, it's funny really.", "I came here to fuck consoles and play some PC games.", "Consoles should use the best of both world to make a better console platform. That is the basic idea behind the Steam box.", "Steam box can fuck right off", "Fuck EA and spore.   I loved that game, had it installed on my laptop and desktop, but really only played on desktop. My hdd crashed, and I had to reinstall. But due to early drm, it wouldn't let me reinstall cause I 'used up my copies' and had to pay them more money. It ran like shit on my laptop, and soon after got a new one, and then couldn't play spore at all :(", "Never pay a company that does not help you enjoy what you've already paid for.\n\nEVER.\n\nYou are voting with your money and that is the difference you made. That should feel really bad because now they think you're just an idiot.\n\n\"HA! ANOTHER ONE FUCKING BOUGHT IT TWICE BECAUSE OF OUR DRM!\"\n\nAnd if you don't think they're doing that in the office, you are not being realistic with yourself.", "I didn't buy it again, it pissed me off too much... Would love to play it again though...", "Same happened to me except I got a new computer. I just downloaded it for free. I hate EA because they hold exclusive rights to porsche so all of us have to use shitty rufs everywhere else.", "Morally speaking. Yar har to you brother. ", "WOOP woopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoop", "This made me laugh much more than it should have.", "i don't need internet to play games /r/nintendo64masterrace", "I was so disappointed to find out that it wasn't a real subreddit", "Why can't we just get along? I enjoy my games no matter what platform I play them on...", "What is this \"get along\" of which you speak?", "yes\n", "That is correct", "I'm so sick of this inane bullshit. When it is satirical, it's obnoxious, and when they're serious, well, I just don't get why anyone would want to make someone feel bad about their chosen hobby. Of course a less expensive console isn't going to match a much more expensive gaming rig, we get it already. What these people don't seem to grasp is that trolling, or \"acting\" like an asshole, often still makes you an asshole. I come here for information, experiences, achievements, and almost all I see is this flaming bullshit. Sometimes I'm embarrassed to identify myself as a gamer. ", "I agree fully. \n\nThe majority of people understand/agree that building a computer will provide for a much higher fidelity and better graphical experience. Those that they keep claiming are saying otherwise are simply messing with you, don't let it get to you. \n\nThere is really nothing to fight about. It's a bit hectic because these consoles are literally coming out these two weeks, so it may lean to one side. Doesn't mean you have to throw a tantrum about it. It has happened every generation and generally the PC crowd were the calm cool collective ones... not sure what happened. \n\n/r/gaming has always been a mess and slightly immature, but it was still nice to get fast news and see what other gamers are up to. This entire thing has just finally destroyed the community... can't we just play games. ", "well we did cause the admin to ban their subreddit so all pc players are seeing right now is red. it will pass, just let it happen. their subreddit just recnently came back so they should be back to cooling off. ", "&gt; I come here for information, experiences, achievements, and almost all I see is this flaming bullshit. \n\nYou do realize this is /r/gaming right?", "Good point. But I fear the *reason* this subreddit can be such a cesspool; Are gamers just inherently immature?", "I'm sure most of us would like to answer no to that question, but I mean... take a look around. It's sad, isn't it?", "Aaaaaannd now Spore is back on my computer..", "I keep it installed because every so often, I'll get the itch, play it for 20 minutes, then get bored and quit. I have the same policy with the Sims 3. I get the urge once in a while and waste a bunch of time manipulating the lives of a bunch of not-people.", "Whatever \"this\" is, yeah it looks like it.\n\nHonestly, this whole thing is pissing me off, and I am a PC gamer. y'all are making us look like a bunch of egotistical douchebags. Almost as bad as, dare I say it, twelve year olds on XBL. Seriously, I enjoy PC as much as the next guy, but come on, this is just not cool.", "Actually the subreddit looks much much better today. \n\nOf course normally it's god awful, but the extra PC content does help. ", "PC Gamers are essentially acting like the older brother in a house that just got a new baby. They are so used to all the attention, but when momma announced she got pregnant it started going down hill -- so he had to be a bit louder and act out a lot more. When the baby finally came, everyone was busy looking at how cute and new she was -- the older brother just gets so upset and is unable to understand that it is JUST for a little bit, it's exciting getting something new into the home and we ALL know you are smarter and faster than the baby. \n\nSo instead of expressing his feelings. He screams and pouts and runs around shouting, \"Look mama! I can run and jump! That baby can't even walk!\". It is no way to express yourself when you are feeling left out and just know, we all love you and will forget about the baby when she's old enough. \n\nIf only we could have given that whiny boy a new toy to take his mind off things and realize he's special. AKA Half Life 3. ", "ya except the baby didnt just take the attention away, the baby also spat on his face and shot him in the leg. (hence them losing their subbreddit) they are a very angry with console gamers right now but the doctor has come (their subbredit is live again) so they should be calming down soon. ", "Yea, sorry to tell ya. But consoles had nothing to do with that", "well not the console but the admin of this subreddit who clear favors console posts over pc ones. ", "Why all the console hate?", "[I don't think most of the people here have a problem with consoles. And the posts aren't really anti-console, just pro-PC.\nIt's just the recent anti-PC drama with the mods that inspired everyone to post pro-PC spam.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qzmu5/am_i_doing_this_right/cdi5es7)", "&gt; I don't think most of the people here have a problem with consoles.\n\nNo, just those that post constantly about it and those that support them. The \"consolitis\" meme has lasted far too long.", "It's not really a meme, it's more an opinion.", "&gt;A meme is \"an idea, behavior, or style that spreads from person to person within a culture.\"\n\nIf it's widespread and repeated enough, then yes, it is a meme.", "\"Opinion\" and \"meme\" aren't mutually exclusive. And it's also wrong.", "I don't want to live among people who uses the word meme to describe opinion.\n\nAnd that's just your opinion.", "Get enough people sharing and expressing an opinion and it becomes a meme.\n\nNot \"just\" my opinion. Based on observation and analysis. Bugs and sloppy development existed even when games were made primarily for the PC. Look at Crysis 1; plenty of poor optimization there, nobody blames consoles. And have you ever heard of a little thing called Daikatana? Did consolitis screw that one up, too? Was Aliens: Colonial Marines a mess because of consoles?\n\nOr is that just my opinion, too?", "It is kind of a thing tho. Lots of times a good console game ends up a shitty, bug ridden, PC port, which is a shame.", "Meh. The world of gaming has always seen some examples of shitty, bug ridden games. It's not a matter of consoles, it's a matter of development.", "The same happens in reverse on PC...", "If you replace console with \"black\" and PC with \"white\" this comment is much funnier.", "Because the manufacturers got really lazy with the specs. There is nothing \"next-gen\" about the new consoles. It's already outdated at launch, at least the 360 was interesting if someone didn't wanted to buy a similarly priced video card. Today, the consoles are left in the dust where the cheapest GPU will perform better. ", "You aren't even in the circlejerk for the right reasons.", "I was going to downvote you, but zoidberg.", "WOOB WOOB WOOB WOOB WOOB!", "This is funny, and I get the pro PC people, but it still feels like I've been subscribed to r/circlejerk the last two days", "Crab pe-pole, crab pe- pole, \nTaste like crab\nTalk like pe-pole. I'm I the only one??", "Oh fuck, here come the spore dick monsters...", "[Two can play at this game.](http://www.livememe.com/u27xlcx)", "Fuck your downvotes. Spore sucks and Futurama's the shit!", "Why can't we just have both?", "We are too poor", "Someone call Guinness,PC gamers just broke the record for non stop crying. ", "most of the PC posts arent hating on consoles so i dont see how theyre crying. ", "Your joke was bad and you should feel bad.", "yeah, you and every other person on r/gaming right now are \"doing it right.\" This sub is unreadable because it's jammed full of \"better on pc posts\" that are getting old really fast. ", "Wait, there are days when it is readable?", "Don't act like r/gaming is any better on an average day. I've seen enough PS4 unboxings to last me a lifetime.", "Just wait till they see me unbox my pc. ", "At least your hardware will be different than everyone elses. It's at least a little bit interesting to see what other people are putting in their gaming rigs.", "You'll have to show a game playing on it though. Otherwise it won't qualify.", "Just put a game boy color in the corner and have the link say look at my game boy color. Problem solved", "Well, the PS4 is a once in 8-10 years event.", "Yes. This explains why we need to see the same thing opened out of cardboard a hundred times. Because time has passed.\n\n/consumer moron\n\n", "At least normally it's accidentally obnoxious. Now it's just straight up embracing it. I thought half the posts from the past 24 hrs were from /r/circlejerk", "new console launches aside (which has been invariably grating and is just gonna continue when everyone gets their Xbox Ones later this week), i'd say it's a bit better, sure. Like i said above though, here's hoping for balance.\n\nedit: like i said *below*, apparently that guys post got downvoted hard.  ", "Yeah, fuck people for getting excited and wanting to show off their things!", "They can buy better things, then be excited. ", "Oh as a PC gamer you have no idea how fast all the console posts got old.  \nI'm not supporting all this massive action but I understand that closing a circlejerk community where people used to talk about bad stuff they saw happening here was probably not a good way to keep them away from creating a mess.", "You know, new consoles are *just* coming out now. You can relax afterwards the next 8 years.", "First of all, a new console has come out after 7 years. I think you can suck it up for a week or so. People are excited. Just like when people got excited for GTA or any other game. Go forbid people actually enjoy gaming as a whole without  it being \"bad stuff\".\n\nBeyond that though, the circlejerk community was closed because they began causing trouble with other communities. For weeks now there has been PCMR posts making the top of every thread even when not relevant at all. Actual on topic discussion was blockaded and it ended with a mod here getting out of hand and then some PCMR folks getting more out of hand.\n\nNeither side was doing all that great, but let's not pretend that they just closed PCMR for no reason. It was already all over this sub.", "I would question if there is any proof that the perpetrators of the doxxing and further actions were members of PCMR and also, i reject the idea of closing a sub because of a few people. You ban people, not communities. You arrest a drug dealer, not close the entire apartment complex he may or may not have lived in.", "Yeah, I'm really missing the quality \"Eggs-Box\" posts these days.", "Yeah, that's r/gaming every day for us PC gamers with the huge amount of consoles out there.", "i think you'd be hard pressed to say that console gamers are clogging r/gaming with \"look at how much better this is on Xbox\" posts. lol. \n\ndon't get me wrong, it's just this initial influx that's annoying. it somehow clogged up the entire \"top of the hour\" stream. i blame the mods for keeping PC gamers out in the cold for so long. Here's hoping that this changing of the guard brings a balanced golden age to r/gaming. ", "How much were they really leaving PC gamers out in the cold though?  I looked into this and it all apparently started with college students posting pics of their new laptops/pc which lead to a discussion of what is and isn't a gaming rig.  The final decision was just that you couldn't post a pic of your pc unless it was shown playing a game.  A bit arbitrary but whatever, that became the rule of the sub.  Don't like it?  Unsubscribe, there are hundreds of other gaming subs.  Yes, we all agree that PS4 unboxings are annoying, but *somebody* is upvoting it and that's kinda how reddit shows content, by what people are upvoting.  I really find this to be the most childish events of reddit drama I've ever seen.", "Well, honestly though it's more \"watch me unbox me PS4\", of \"look what I found in my attic\" which is really annoying considering they ban posting PC builds and PC builds are actually, well different from each other and there's a reason for showing more than one.", "fair enough. Hell, i took video of myself unboxing both PS4 and Xbox One and i was bored watching my own videos. ", "It's pretty obvious that there needs to be separate subs for PC and Console gamers. Fuck off with this fanboy shit. Play what you want to play.", "man, that's the logical solution but doesn't it just kinda make you sad? I mean, i'm primarily a console gamer (i have a rig but it's nothing too impressive) and i still like seeing what the other side is doing. \n\ni guess having to subscribe to both /r/pcgaming and r/consolegaming wouldn't be the worst thing though. ", "It is sad, but it appears that people acting like adults is too much to expect. ", "There really doesn't - the PC people are just acting like this because they got shit on. Don't do that, and they won't - and I say this as a (mostly - I broke down and got the PC version of terraria because it was on a later update) console gamer.", "They \"got shit on\" for \"repeated targeted brigading offenses, harassment, and doxxing\" according to those responsible for closing that subreddit. Sounds like their own fault.", "1. The harassment and doxxing offenses were a small number of users\n2. Brigading is a BS charge predicated on them being considered to be \"not part of the community of\" a default front-page sub.\n3. Even _that_ was also a small number of users compared to the whole size of the group\n4. That came, as I understand it, after they were told it's okay to post pictures of consoles (to say nothing of the \"eggs box\") but not of gaming PCs, which at its core makes no sense. _That_ was what I was referring to as being shit on, not the stuff that came after including the subreddit closure.", "Apparently the admins feel differently. Owell, they can have this sub. I'm not going to have my front page flooded with this shit anymore.\n\nIt's still childish as fuck. There was a major global console release and they are butthurt because they couldn't post pics of their run-of-the-mill rigs? It is huge event in gaming. It will pass. ", "It is the point...", "Am I getting this right. So a very good gaming PC was released and then it was banned, and now people are blaming console users.\n?\n", "Yea it was banned once. Then it returned on the front page with no ban... yet they still got upset.\n\nIt's because the PS4 came out and they are itching to complain about something. ", "&gt; gaming PC was released\n\nWait, what? This is about the _steambox_? From secondhand descriptions it sounded like it was someone who posted their personal system.\n\n", "IIRC, it was a personal system.", "Yup, that's pretty much it.", "How long is this going to continue?", "AS LONG AS IT HAS TO. ^^^Someone ^^^had ^^^to ^^^say ^^^it.", "I'm doing just fine laying on my sofa with my dog playing xbox thankyou very much.", "your dog plays Xbox! what breed?", "I get it, someone was mean to PC gamers, they feel hurt, they react by ruining the entirety of a sub because they feel wronged.  Can we please move on now.  I would like to see interesting things about PCs AND consoles.  I casually use both, I feel like daddy hit mommy and I just want things to go back to normal!", "Well, considering the sub a lot of these PC gamers called home was banned, I guess that makes us roommates.\n\nAlso, I borrowed all of your power strips. I'm going to a LAN tonight.", "But I need those to run my space heaters, it's cold out!\n\nEdit:  but in seriousness, I sympathize with the fact that the sub was deleted, and I get that it can be reasonably said that it was unjustified, I just don't understand the response.  I started off gaming on PC and have only ever played console because roommates have provided said device.  I get that the whole wave of PC posts is almost like a digital sit in, but it just seems to have the wrong tone.  This might just be my perspective, but for the most part it doesn't come across as an attempt to highlight the PC as gaming system or a forced relocation due to admin misbehavior, it just comes across as a hijacking in order to get \"vengeance\".  I don't understand why I, someone who never \"wronged\" any PC gamer, have to lose access to a sub I rather enjoy because of the misdeed of a few mods.  If the PC posts were all interesting and informative, like the Large Pixel Collider one (I likey that one), or added something to the conversation id completely get it.  All I seem to see though is an immature sworn of bandwagoners trying to ride the karma train to the front page using a hot button topic.  Just my view.  Fight on glorious PC master race, but fight with dignity.", "Well if you get a nice high power PC you can keep yourself warm with that.", "how about when they want to talk about the games on their pc they post here and if they want to talk exclusivity about pcs they should have kept that in their subs before it was banned. If they want to post their battle stations they have a sub for that as well.\n\n/r/gaming is now just /r/pcmasterracehatesconsoles\n", "&gt; /r/gaming is now just /r/pcmasterracehatesconsoles\n\nSeems like it was that anyway.", "To some comments yes it will happen but now every post is \"PC is the greatest fuck you console plebs. HA I can play nintendo games off my emulator because that's not pirating or anything but lets not torrent games guyz.\"\n\nHell you try to say you like playing on consoles a little more and just wait to get downvoted to oblivion now. ", "All the fuss will die down soon anyway.", "That would be fine if the same thing was enforced for consoles.  I don't give a shit your ps4 is bricked, that is literally about not gaming.", "***\"I shit on the rug, I'll get it when I come back.\"***", "\"Left a dead mouse for you on the floor.\n\nSincerely, Cat.\"", "\"I sold your cat for extra ram, need them upgrades, bro\"", "I'll bring Starcraft. :D ", "Make a new one.... This time stay in it.", "&gt;ruining the entirety of a sub\n\nits a bit too late for that...", "Should we go back to posts about how pac-man's eyes are mini-pac mans, or how someone's peasentbox red-ringed on them? Maybe toss in a few more ps4 unboxings?", "No, I rather enjoy seeing posts that are meaningful.  I just don't understand why posting (random PC game picture\"^n is a better alternative.  Shouldn't both sides be held to the same standard?  Why fight an issue of unequal treatment by becoming exactly what the opposing side claims you are?", "You're right but the people who want to ruin it for everyone else refuse to put their adult hats on. Anyone keeping a fued like this up has the maturity of an 8 year old, and should reprioritize the things they regard as serious issues within their own lives because if you can get this upset over a gaming forum you need some problem solving skills.... Instead of bashing your forehead against your keyboard in a rage because you can't come up with a logical explanation. There will be a pc specific sub created in some form eventually and if you're impatient to the point where its a problem to wait do something constructive instead of contributing to the problem. TL;DR they complain but do nothing to fix their problems, dont underestimate the stupidity of people in large numbers.", "Well, I will say, the PC specific sub was deleted, so I think the claim could be made that \"the admins started it\".  However, I do agree that everyone involved needs to put on their big boy pants and try to resolve the actual root issue of unfair treatment of different sides.", "\"Does anyone else le gem?\"", "&gt; ruining the entirety of a sub\n\nImplying /r/gaming was good.\n\nTop lel.", "I think the argument is more in the direction that console are not as good as PC's. I don't think that makes them bad, simply below the quality that PC offers", "I could never have fun 'gaming' on a PC. Part of the experience is having the 'sticks' in my hands. I guess I could buy one of those attaching controllers with the USB hookup. I recant my previous statement, perhaps I could.", "Jesus, I need to play spore again.", "Can we talk ab the fucking pop up adds?", "I liked Spore, except after the creature stage is gets really dull. the space stage was AWFUL. \n\nYa know it's funny, I reinstalled it again not too long ago, and now it tries to install Origin everytime I reboot. Biggest mistake ever", "This made me want to play spore...", "Is that Zoidberg?  If no, why not?", "Definitely read that in zoidberg's voice", "Spore is the shit", "I would love a gaming PC. That being said, I'll stick to a $400 ps4", "Dr. Zoidberg?", "I ain't even mad, that's pretty amazing.", "I remember that Spore was a 5gb game and it blew my mind that a game could take up that much space.", "hahahaha zoidberg!", "I miss that game.", "As a pc gamer i can confirm", "Why not actually be civil on the Internet? ", "Can someone let me know when this blows over so I can resubscribe? ", "It'll take a week or two at the most, then this sub will circle jerk over something else.", "[Remember this gem? Totally underrated] (http://www.justpushstart.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/the-last-of-us-dlc.jpg)", "Yeah, this shit is annoying. \"PC GAMING PC PC GAMING PC GAMING GAMING PC\"", "The satirical posts from the former pcmasterrace neckbeards are even worse. ", "And the downvotes for calling it out.", "Grow up.", "Your post is good and you should feel good.", "Your computer will suck in not even two years and you will have to spend more money upgrading just so you can play new games properly.   You should feel like a tool.", "Hello person who does not understand Moore's law or basic hardware. How are you?\n\nYou are wrong and silly and misguided because of how sure you were about your opinion and your need to call OP a tool. This is particularly funny because now you're the one who should feel like a tool.\n\nYou will reply. You will try to say something witty because the urge to come back with something will overpower your will to learn from this. \n\nIt will make you appear ignorant and that will stay on here, Reddit, until you delete it.\n\nYou have a choice, now. Look up some basic info about hardware and how fast it goes out of date(I'll give you a clue, the PS4 and Xbox One are already expired in tech compared to PC and so if your PS4 lasts you several years... doesn't that mean PC lasts even longer? Ooop! I gave you the *ANSWER*, not a clue! Try anandtech.com if you decide to educate yourself). \n\nOr. You can prove me right.\n\nIt will be interesting.", "Will it?  How's this for interesting? \n\nYour future looks grim.   The Oracle does not lie... \n\nYou have lived an angry, smug life thinking that you're actually better than everyone who has hated you ever since you were a young lad.  You have become even more cynical than anyone thought possible.  You think your life is ok now, but that is fleeting.  Everything you have will be taken from you.  Even as I type this, forces you could never possibly understand are working against you.    I barely understand it myself, but it is destiny and very hard to change.  You and I know that you're intelligent and have always tried to use that to your advantage.  It's unfortunate that you couldn't have used it to see your own demise.  It's not too late, but the odds are stacked against you.\n\nWas I a little off on my facts?  Like I really give a shit. I'll be the first to admit that it was just a retard comment fed by this ongoing pro pc bandwagon rant that the masturbating race are enjoying right now.   Someone as smart as you should know that.  Don't waste the precious time you have left replying to the kind of bs people like me post.\n\n ", "[Wow...](http://i.imgur.com/GIpwK9N.png)\n\nAlso if we met IRL it would probably take me about 30 seconds before trying to punch you in the mouth. Please shut up.", "Wouldn't be the first time I heard this but I appreciate you acknowledging my point. \n\nThis is a good person. He can punch me if he wants because at least he fucking gets it.", "Do you get off on being a dick? Or is it just so natural that you don't know how to do anything else? ", "Hello, pretentious dickwad trying to show off on the internet. I'm well, how are you? \n\nYou are wrong and silly and misguided because you can't seem to stomach that people have different opinions than yours and that these new, differing opinions might clash with yours. \n\nYou will reply. You will say something about freedom of speech because the urge to come back with something will overpower your will to not be a great big bag of dicks. \n\nIt will make you appear horrid and childish. \n\nYou have a choice, now. Accept that people enjoy different things and that what you or other people choose to play video games on (console or PC) does not affect the overall quality of your life. At all. \n\nOr, you can keep furiously jacking yourself and the person next to you off. \n\nIt will be stupid because this is reddit. ", "Back to the basement you neckbeard ", "No.", "Wait, I thought this was console gamers making fun of the pompous and stupid circlejerk that PC gamers perpetuate?", "Something something disappointed, something something...", "I don't hate the consoles themselves. Just the sheep that buy them and just throw all of their money at the games and the evil DLC practices.", "But, I enjoy playing my console with my friends. I would rather play together with many friends than play on a PC by myself because the graphics are better.", "Anyone that uses the word \"sheep\" in this context is a fucking douchebag. (SEE ABOVE)", "Sheep.", "Greasy, acne-riddled, neckbeard."]["If PC is so good, why isn't there a PC2?\n\nCheckmate atheists.", "If Xbox360 was so good, why are they going back to Xbox One?", "they got there after doing a 360 degree turn.", "you're making too much sense for this thread _ ", "Wouldn't that be a 359 degree turn?", "I think this would be better expressed in radians.", "361 actually", "Or, alternatively, 1.", "Woah.", "Right?", "xbox0 then.", "But if you did a 360 degree turn, you would be going the way you started.", "cos(360)=1\nLegit guys", "Now this is worth an upvote", "Well 360 = 0. Therefore, 360 + 1 = One.", "But... 360* is equal to two pi radians :D", "http://i.imgur.com/fDaURE3.gif", "I was in highschool too.", "Which is the same as zero radians, yeah?", "Depends on the function, but in general yes. The moment you throw in a non-periodic function, all shit goes to hell.", "Or 1 tau radians", "The 360 is silent.", "Unless 360 = 1, so it's technically 1 + 0 = One.", "ah, but 360 degrees is 0 because it is both the starting and ending point of a circle.", "I prefer radians myself. I just bought a radian HD 8570.", "I think that's Radeon.....", "But the value of cos360 = 1.", "ah, but the value of sin360 = 0.", "I'm no math wizard, but i'm pretty sure that 360 = 360. ", "so it's actually the Xbox 361 ?", "What about the xbox? Xbox 360 = Xbox or Xbox = Xbox One?\n", "Yes.", "Just wait until *next* gen when they release \"The Original Xbox\"", "Xbox One II", "Xbox Forever 21", "Xbox 4ever", "Ohhh you nailed it!", "Had to explain the xbox naming convention to a four year old the other day. Fuck you Microsoft.", "I think I remember you from NESL and CSN. ", "Yup, but don't remember anyone named concave_nipples ", "You would when you see them", "Xbox Juan", "The next degree is 361 or is 0 =&amp;lt; theta =&amp;lt; 360 degrees then 360 + 1 degree = 1 degree. \n\nEven when I try to circlejerk I get downvoted :(", "Xbox Theta, that could work for the next one..", "Cosinus.", "because xbox360 isn't as cool as the abbreviation for xbone.  I want an XBone for my dog to chew on.", "Atheists? [But we have a god.](http://i.imgur.com/YEKYNYN.jpg) ", "[PC2](http://www.ecs.csus.edu/pc2/), used to run programming contests all over the world.", "isn't it more like PC Squared?", "It is technically PC^(2), but a lot of people call it PC2.", "Yup.  This is what my university used for ACM competitions.  Regionals had an entire environment.", "We got it right the first time.", "There are more names than numbers. ", "Yeah and if the PS3 was so good...then...[kids, help!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2szRILMF86Q)", "Turing's machine is PC2, PC360, PCONE, all at the same time.", "They did, it was kinda a flop. \nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Personal_System/2", "But why is the console controller shaped *perfectly* for the human hand? You can't explain that. ", "U don't need 2nd edition of perfection", "wow did howard stern write the title for this fucking post? ", "no, the PC circlejerk did, of course", "Oh yes, the pc circle jerk, not to be  confused with the on going /r/gaming circlejerk which was disrupted by this. ", "Yep, the flavor of the jerk has changed, but not the amount of jerking.", "To be fair, there's been some anti-PC sentiment from one of the mods here. I'm not sure why it's all so important to people, though.", "[I feel like this person summed it up the best](http://np.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qy8k3/clearing_the_air_on_pc_gaming_and_gaming/cdhr7tp)", "Hoo hoo, I invented the computer Robin.\n\nFUCKIN HOMERUN CHIPPAH", "League is so massive", "My donger is massive.", "Is it raised?", "[deleted]", "Always.", "My rod is getting needlessly large.", "I bet it Garen-tees a good time.", "It has been made into the big penis", "JaeDonger?", "Jaedong has a child, how does he call it? Jaedong the Second.", ":return of the dong", "Found out the other day my friend calls Penises \"Dinkledongers\". ", "Mine is a badonkledonger.  ", "League. It's so hot right now.", "Does Hansel play it? ", "they're playing games *IN* the computer!?", "It's so simple.", "Uh, Earth to Crow. Duh doy!", "I used to.", "[deleted]", "LoL has regular champion updates to keep the game balanced.", "They are very different. Try them out sometime :)", "They're definitely very different. I play DotA2, tried LoL, never played HoN though. LoL is way more accessible than dota2 since its learning curve isn't anywhere as steep. They also have problems balancing heroes and I disagree with the unlocking system. Some things dota2 does differently is they have \"denying\" which lets you kill your own creeps when they're below a certain health threshold. This is done to reduce the experience your enemies gain and to void that potential gold they would get from the last hit. There are way different heroes, the towers in dota2 hit way harder than LoL so you have to be smarter about diving. \n\nI think dota2 is more mind/strategy/tactics intensive than LoL in the end, but LoL may be more fun to a wider audience because it's easier to just go fight people.\n\nThere are lots of other differences but if you just play them you'll see.", "The towers in dota 2 do not hit as hard as the ones in league, they have more range though", "I like your description of this. I have played all 4 (DoTA/2, HoN, and League). I hit Gold 1 in league, 1750 or so MMR in HoN and im working on DoTA ranking now, but in my opinion, League is the 'easiest' of them, only in the sense that there is no denying, and no penalties other than time on death. DoTA takes a lot more strategy and basic skill, sure, but high level play is the exact same. Wards and counter wards? Equal, actually easier in DoTA since they last longer. Item building? Bit harder in DoTA but they have more ridiculous items. Tactics and skill for 'PvP' I would actually say League is harder. For one, it has all mechanics that DoTA has and then some. Every champ can blink if you want them to so it's not limited to just people who pick up the dagger, there are far more varied ultimates in league with crazy effects to them and just as many skillshots. ", "They're not. LoL is the worst of the group, but as such, of course it's the most popular.\n\nHoN is the most difficult, Dota 2 is some sort of middle ground, and LoL is the easiest.", "So free", "^^^*$600 ^^^shipping ^^^and ^^^handling", "Will be for years, with luck!", "Nope. Finals just happened. Final means last which means LoL is over. ", "nooooo", "Go play dota as long as you still can!\n", "NOOOOOO", "FUUUCKKK", "Which begs the question, with 32 million viewers why the hell has no network picked this up. There aren't very many sporting events that even reach that number. ", "It is 32 million viewers in the entire WORLD. ", "How can there be 32 million viewers if only 7 million people in the world Kappa", "You moron it's 7 million people in America Kappa", "Still, not everything on TV reaches millions of viewers.", "Not everything on TV is broadcasted out of their respective countries.  Hell 99% of it isn't.  ", "It'd be nice to see a breakdown by country/region. But even still, the US has gotta be a decent chunk of that 32 million. All that delicous advertisement revenue the tv channels could pick up.   ", "Large part was actually in Asia. Korean TV apparently was more than all the western streaming services combined.\nThe US (+ Canada) is actually the smallest (edit: of the non-tiny) League market.", "&gt; The US (+ Canada) is actually the smallest League market.\n\nHow the hell did you come up with this statement?", "The two large European servers together are about twice the size of the North American server. [Source](http://www.lolsummoners.com/stats/rankings/euw). Not suprising considering Yurop combined is larger than the US by about 50% or so.\n\nSouth Korea has a lot smaller population, but tremendous market penetration. The Korean servers [are rumored](http://op.gg/statistics /tier/) to be at least as large as the big European servers combined. This is in line with Riot employees stating that EU West and Korea are the biggest shards.\n\nI don't know much about the Chinese market, but there are a lot of Chinese. It's hard to come by size estimates, but it's probably pretty big.\n\nOf course, the regional Brazilian, Turkish and Russian markets are smaller than the North American market. But among the big 4, North America is definitely the smallest (and as of now, also the weakest, but catching up) region.\n\nHope that helps. Cheers!", "&gt;The US (+ Canada) is actually the smallest League market.\n\n\n\n&gt;Of course, the regional Brazilian, Turkish and Russian markets are smaller than the North American market\n\nThis is what I have a problem with.", "Turkey, Russia and Brazil don't have their own servers. Which is what I think he meant.\n\nEDIT: Ah, thanks for correcting me. I haven't played LoL in a couple of years.", "Turkey, Russia, and Brazil do all each have their own servers (along with two servers for Latin America), however they're all less than a year old, and do not yet have the kind of playerbase that NA has.", "Brazil, Turkey and Russia have their own servers. As do North America, EU West, EU Nordic &amp; East, Latin America North, Latin America South and Oceania. This doesn't even begin to address the Asian servers. To say that US + Canada is the smallest League market is so wrong that I had to clarify what he actually meant.", "If it helps you, I should have phrased \"the smallest out of the non-tiny) markets\". Edited for clarity. My point stands: the American market is not that big of a \"decent chunk\". Korea and China are the big targets. Korea has a lot stronger E-sports tradition and China is just huge. ", "Euw down? Free skins NA", "in the entire Korea\n", "Yes, and the super bowl is around 100 million in the world. Only around 3x this viewership and think about the money that comes from that. I know that's a stretch, just using a huge event like that so it's easier to see that 32 million, even in the world, is a huge number. \n\nEDIT: I realize this is flawed because the 100 million is very concentrated to the US, just making a point.", "If you recognize that your point is flawed... then what is your point?", "A few reasons.\n\nTV makes money by marketing, but the views of this event were diverse as fuck.  They were everywhere including europe, asia, AUZ/NZ, NA/SA, and pretty much everywhere else too.  They were a variety of income levels aswell so international brands like say Mercedes wouldn't benefit overly much.  \n\nThe demographic is often seen as \"younger\" and generally not a high spending income.  Basically it would have to be marketing to teens and college aged people.  This dramatically reduces potential advertisers interests.  Things like credit cards, cars, etc all of a sudden are much less interested not to mention insurance companies and such.\n\nBasically something like the superbowl for instance has 3times the viewer ship has its demographics focused mainly in a single country and most importantly has people of all income levels and age brackets (in solid numbers for all) viewing it.  \n\nBasically for TV to want it, they'd have to be able to show advertisers that there products/services would be getting shown to a good target market.  But with esports currently that just isn't getting done.  That said companies trying to push the latest smart phone could likely hit it big but the diversity of something like normal TV commercials just wouldn't be there.  \n\nFurther its largely being broadcast and being watched by a generation that HATES ads.  They love ad-block, they scorn people who don't use ad-block, they want to hide from tracking/analytics.  Marketing execs hate that bullshit they'd rather market to the successful 45yr old with a solid yearly income.  ", "It's going to be interesting watching the evolution ad's take once the ad-hating generation become the 45-yr old's with a solid yearly income", "Is g4 still around? If they are, what the fuck are they doing? ", "Cops, cheaters, and Campus PD, mostly. Oh, and I forgot Ninja Warrior Reruns. G4 is on a serious decline. Comcast (NBC Universal) Doesn't even plan on developing the channel anymore. ", "G4 got changed into the Esquire Network on September 23, 2013; However even with this, several cable providers have dropped the channel.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G4_(TV_channel)#Aborted_rebrand_as_Esquire_Network", "No, It didn't. Style got changed. G4 just plays reruns because it doesn't seem to have any additional progamming.\nRecheck your link. \n\n&gt;On September 9, 2013, news broke that NBCUniversal will instead replace Style with Esquire Network, leaving G4 \"as is for the foreseeable future, though it's highly unlikely the company will invest in more original programming\".[1] One of the factors was likely Style's distribution on DirecTV, giving Esquire more homes at launch with the Style channel slot than they would have had with G4.\n", "What a shame, it was such a great opportunity for the gaming community and yet they fell Into MTV mediocrity with content that doesn't match the stations description.  ", "It was solid for the while,  but the Internet was a lot more useful for what they did after a while,  and they had to try and find other ways to get viewers. They went with what worked for ratings.  ", "For the most part American advertisers only care about American viewers (and to a lesser extent western European viewers). Your average American spends far more on cheese sticks and pizza than your average Chinese viewer.  If you look at the numbers for Western viewership they're not really even at the level of a successful sitcom and that's for a once a year heavily promoted event. \n\nIt's getting there, but it's still go a ways to go.  ", "Source?", "it is shown on tv in china/korea", "They show league games at the BWW near me", "there are allot of reasons its not going to be picked up by networks, mostly to do with money and there probably some stigma towards gaming especially when most if not all gaming channels have failed.\n\nbut there's a more fundamental issue here and that's time mainly that matches don't have a set time, you don't want to have an hour time slot when the match ends up being 20 minutes long or have  a 30 minute slot and the match ends up being 2 hours it would be impossible to fit into a normal time slot. now this could be somewhat prevented by playing all the matches before hand and organizing how many they show in an episode mixing in interviews and analysis to fill out time but then your trying to sell prerecorded events to people who are used to live ones and your not going to win that.\n\nnow all that being said there is the thing with the new consoles apparently having the ability to watch stuff on twitch im not sure on the details exactly on that but as long s they can watch steams it creates potentially something interesting, more people watching streams of players or events oping up the possibility for a much larger audience, having that technology in the living room actually creates the possibility for friends and family's gathering around to watch these big event. this probably wont happen but is a nice idea and the technology is there, the potential audience is there is just the matter of getting them hooked. ", "Because the target audience doesn't watch TV.  Personally, I like the control of using a browser.  I'm watching a speedrun on my other monitor as I type this.  Once in awhile if there is a big SC2 tournament on, I'll sit on the couch and watch on my TV, but I'd rather just do something else than have to sit through typical cable TV ads.\n\nIt would be a niche cable channel to pick it up, and the number of cable subscribers drops every quarter, so viewership would probably never grow.", "&gt; Update: President and Co-Founder Marc Merrill confirmed on Twitter that the 8.5 million statistic is for peak simultaneous viewers.\n\nThis means that the most views at any given time were only 8 million, of the 32 million. There is also no mention if those 32 million views are unique, or not (Though the fact that its not specified makes me think that they are not). It very well could be that the same 8 million people just watched the broadcast ~~3~~ 4 separate times. ", "Can't tell if troll or just can't math...\n\nBut anyway, a unique that is four times concurrent is not unusual for this sort of event. Additionally the 32 million is directly compared to last years numbers of 8.2 million which is specified as uniques (citation: http://www.ongamers.com/articles/league-of-legends-season-2-championships-most-watched-esports-event-of-all-time/1100-43/)\n\nThere are reasons you can doubt these numbers if you like, but the 32 million number is almost certainly meant to indicate unique viewers. ", "That's still really god damned impressive. I don't see the appeal in any way, shape or form of watching other people play video games but god damn do I respect it.", "It is the same reason why people watch sports.", "Without getting into *that* discussion again, it basically is all for one aspect. While they both contain teamwork and tactics it definitely lacks the physical exertion that regular sports do.", "It is not about the physical exertion. It is about seeing people do amazing things that you can't do. ", "http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052748704281204575002852055561406\n\nReal sports don't take much physical exertion either. ", "I'm doing a dissertation about this for my degree. Nerdy I know.", "The thing is that the format of these major esports events are not really TV friendly.  I am not into the MOBA scene but I really do love watching pro Starcraft 2 and I think that trying to bring that to a channel like ESPN would just end up killing the viewing experience.  I think it may be able to work in other countries that have aired such things, but not really with the mindset of how american channels are run  ", "Riot never provides any source or evidence for their numbers and is extremely hostile to anyone who asks.\n\nMaybe that's why ESPN is hesitant?", "Because of the type of people watching it. I very rarely watch TV and would still watch the games on my PC even if they were played on TV.", "also makes you wonder how legit those views are. Ive seen you tube video counts shoot up to over 150,000,000 because fans spammed the page.", "It is 32 million viewers using the Esports viewers numbers measurement, which is most of time of by a factor somewhere between 1 and 32 million.", "Maybe it's because it's not something any network necessarily wants to air? I'm just guessing. I know dozens of people who game and enjoy watching sports, but I don't know anyone personally who actually watches other people play games... so maybe that's why? \n\nAlso, this is a global number. There may not be market for it in the US (yet).", "Pretty much the biggest game as of now. And I'm one in the minority that actually can't stand the game. Mobas bore the shit out of me.", "they are repetitive, ill admit that. just soooo damn addicting ", "Much love my MOBA-hating, League of Legends is shitty brother.", "Yeah but it sucks ", "Good post dude.", "Found the dota player.", "Smite player here, LoL and DOTA both suck.\n\nShouldn't say that, they're both good games, I just can't go back now that I've been exposed to Smite.", "Found the league player", "What is it that makes it such a big game? I know it's not the graphics because it looks like a ps2 game to me.", "What makes it big are the players, the fans, the pro teams, the all around buzz about it. LoL is resurrecting e-sports. ", "league is like the womens basketball league...and dota 2 is like NBA..the skill level is not even close to comparison ", "Every DoTA player: \"League sucks so much. Takes no skill.\"\n\nEvery League player: \"I've never played DoTA before but it looks cool\"", "With out To much whine I have To say that thats not true. My friend says that it looks clumpsy, nobody plays it and mostly rubbing it in your face.\r\rI don't whine anymore i dont hate anymore i just live with it and play what ive allways loved.", "Hey guess what? They're different games. I swear to god whenever Dota or LoL comes up there's got to be at least *one* Dota fanboy talking shit.", "The thing dota fans hate more than lol is lolhaters actully.\r But all dota fans feel the hate of an stolen Idea but tries To hold it in. Things gets hard when it gets rubbd in your face doh. And in the end what are we gonna do about it.\r\r// dotA veteran", "Not saying that all Dota fans are like that, but there are certainly some. However, the majority are quite nice!", "Lol no, not at all. Have fun living in denial, just remember the first step is always identifying your problem. ", "Yeah, but DOTA is too complicated for most players to understand comprehensively. So many small things can turn the tide of a fight, it's not like league where you learn the basics and the meta and you can pretty much understand whatever is going on.", "Wait, so you can play video games on a PC?", "no, you can watch people play games on a pc", "Seriously. Someone at work asked me this last week. He has a PS3 and asked if I got BF4 for it, and I said I got it for PC.\n\n\"How the fuck can you play games on a computer? How does that even work?\"\n\nI shit you not.", "You work with the /r/gaming mods?", "Nah. I don't work.\n\nEDIT: *Whoosh*", "Not if you ask the mods.", "You can play them on the new Xbox too, it's not just football and spy cameras!", "There's this hot game called 1040EZ 2014 right now", "No, it's just a myth.  A rumor spread by the heretics.", "it's really sad that I get this reference. I almost want to go outside. Almost.", "Except that pretty much 60 percent of this subreddit is referencing this....", "60% is a bit generous. My estimate would be closer to....the entire front page.", "/r/outside", "Wow, one of the few times that league of legends being brought up doesn't lead to a dota2 circle jerk is because of a PC circle jerk.", "I heard that you can play Dota 2 on the PC as well.   Is that true?", "LoL has the advantage. You can play it on a toaster. ", "Some of us can't afford those fancy $120 15 setting toasters. Mine overheated :(", "As long as you acknowledge it as the superior MOBA.", "Not today.\n\nToday is PCjerk.", "This week*", "Or I'll just piss both groups off and say the Heroes of Newerth is better than either of them. ", "HoN is inferior to Smite.", "Even HoN players don't say HoN is better. ", "Watching dota2 players deny the numbers and use their tried and true 'well just wait for ____, then we'll show you!!' fuels my life.\n\nTotalbiscuits crying prob added a few days onto my life already ", "Well aren't you a cool guy.", "&gt; Watching dota2 players deny the numbers\n\nThat's because we can deny things in dota2.", "As somebody that played the original DotA for a long time prior to LoL, denying kind of sucks. It ~~seems to~~ discourages player vs player combat, because rather than harassing the enemy, you end up last hitting/denying way more often.\n\nedit : Huh, I guess DotA2 players are really defensive, even with factual statements. I guess I can't blame em, trying to keep a failing game alive and all. Valiant effort, bring on the downvotes.", "I think that should be attributed to hero design, not the deny system.  There are some dota heroes that harass the enemy very well during the laning stage, and other heroes that can't.", "Some Dota heroes even harass passively (e.g. Kunkka and Necrolyte).\n\nDota is generally just a game where anyone can't match up with anyone. There are some heroes that will beat other equally famed heroes almost every time.", "&gt; factual statements\n\n\n&gt; kind of sucks\n\n&gt; It seems\n\nWeird that looks like the opposite of facts to me. More like that opinion thing.", "&gt;to discourage player vs player combat, because rather than harassing the enemy, you end up last hitting/denying way more often.\n\nYou can't deny the fact in that statement. By allowing players to deny creeps, you are giving them less time to harass eachother. If you can't wrap your mind around that, just move on, you never will.", "That's only the laning stage though, which usually doesn't last longer than 10 minutes. After that, if you're still last hitting and denying most of the time, you'll be dead very quickly. ", "Even still, having to spend laning phase like that seems really boring to me. That's a better point than the other guy was able to make though, so I appreciate that.", "You just think that because you've probably only tried Dota a handful of times. There are plenty of heroes that are well suited to just start ganking and killing from minute 0. One hero even has a 2.5 second stun at lvl 1.\n\nSometimes I feel like getting a lot of last hits to farm up for the mid game, but other times I just go full yolo and start ganking right away. Sometimes it results in a first blood, and sometimes it results in an embarrassing 3 deaths on my team. I agree, the laning stage is generally the most boring part of the game, but it is still fun as hell.\n", "I've played DotA hundreds of times. What you said seems to have 0 relevance to the argument I put forward. Look at it this way, if DotA2 had no ability to deny creeps, you would have people more focused on PvP combat, that's the bottom line.", "The thing is that isn't factual at all. Denying is simply an added dimension to the game. Denying is an added mechanic to make the dynamics of lanes more interesting. For example, if you're a burst-type hero with bad last-hitting power, and you're against a strong last hitter in your lane, he will likely deny all of your farm if you let him. So as a result, instead of focusing on last-hitting which you will inevitably lose, you try to force him to be unable to deny your farm by harrassing him back. \n\nNow if this were league of legends, because players cannot deny each other's farm, instead of having a dynamic battle based on the strengths of each laner, it is simply a fight of harassing (or staying alive) while also not missing last-hits. ", "Implying that's factually better? I mean I honestly don't give a crap either way. I might even end up trying out and really liking Heroes of the Storm that gets rid of last hitting as well to encourage more team/objective play and action.", "Totalbiscuit is usually just trolling with the DotA2-LoL stuff\n\nEspecially on his Twitter", "Even the people of /r/leagueoflegends seem to prefer Dota 2 in most ways.\n\n[In this thread](https://pay.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1qu52r/a_new_dota_patch_has_a_player_mode_called/), the general consensus seems to be that most people either play LoL because 1) they've spent so much time on it and they don't really want to lose it all by stopping or 2) there's no visible rank or ladder in Dota 2.", "And 3) all their friends play League. This is the same reason the Xbox 360 had any users at all. ", "I'm gunna' be honest here, that had to be one of the lamest things I've ever seen people unanimously cream their pants over that furiously\n\nI'm not saying that it isn't an interesting feature, but, *really*. I'm sure there are better things in DotA to praise than the ability to have a sixth person draw lines on a map for you.", "Yeah, so once again - excuses on excuses and no real results, ever\n\nNumbers baby. data. And by that I don't mean a prize pool valve bribed its own players into paying for ", "Shhhh! They'll hear yo-... Too late.", "I think they're both equals. Equal in their quality of boring.", "How dare you have an opinion!", "Fuck me right?", "Get the fuck out of here! You, YOU... JERK!\n\nEdit: I'm sorry. Sometimes I just get so angry.", "It was the League of Legend's World Finals for those that don't feel like reading the article.", "\"PC gaming is dying.\" HA.", ":'D", "Nobody has ever said this seriously in the last five years at least. ", "5 years...? You mean way back when the only option for gaming on PC was Steam? ", "Wow is nine years old dude ", "Gaming on pc existed before steam", "WoW, Runescape, Ultima Online, Diablo I, Diablo II..\n\nI can go on for hours, have never used steam and have been pc gaming for years.", "You're a young 'un. ;)\n\nI was going to roll off the old Amiga and Amstrad CPC464 late 80's era classics. Treasure Island Dizzy, Count Duckula, 007 License to Kill, Elite, Turrican 2, ****Rainbow Islands**** (I'd completely forgotten about this one!), Xor, Adams Family, Boulderdash. \n\nDamn, I'm getting all nostalgic. I might go pull the old beast out of the attic. ", "Actually Gordon Walton and a number of other prominent gaming figures have done multiple lectures at/for my University's Communications and Film studies program and a common theme, especially from Walton(SW:G, Bioware,etc) is that PC and Console gaming are only going to be declining, especially in terms of revenue earned. Free to Play titles will always be strong and I doubt PC gaming will ever die, but that is a common opinion in the industry. It is not mine, but I'm just saying your comment is full of hot air and not true....", "Its a common feeling that people are just going to decide \"you know what? I'll just not bother playing games any more?\". That seems absurd.", "No, the market is just shifting into mobile and micro games. Check any comparison of companies like Playdom and Zynga to a tradition company that produced AAA console titles. CoD and GTA broke records but Micro game companies are making millions daily with not even a quarter of the polish/manhours being put into their products.", "Thats because mobile games are still a growing,  emerging market. They aren't a direct competitor to consoles and certainly not to the genres of games that only work on PC's. They fill a different niche, times when you're travelling light,  commuting, etc, times when you can't bring an alternative setup with you. \n\nNo one sits down in front of their home entertainment setup, intending to play say,  GTA V,  and then just thinks \"screw it,  I'll play GTA III on my phone instead, I prefer a control system that is, by necessity,  inferior, paired with a smaller screen and mediocre, tinny sounds.\" \n\nAnd you most certainly dont do similar when intending to play a Grand Strategy or a 4x on your PC. Theres nothing even comparable on a mobile platform. \n\nIts a seperate market,  always will be,  at least until theres a control system available for mobile that both doesn't obscure the screen, allows the usage of your hands to hold the device,  but at the same time allows, at least, the complexity of a console controller (2x 360 degree sticks,  4 triggers,  2x 4 way D-pads). Maybe down the line with gesture based hand movements in a full 3d environment? The only game sales that will be losing out in the meantime to mobile apps would be the kind of simplistic trash you get on Facebook. \n\nAnd speaking of Zynga,  didnt their share price originally open at \t10 dollars, rise to 15 in a couple of months, and since then has slumped all the way down to the 4 dollar mark? \n\nThe problem with Zyngas business model is that it requires in app purchases to pay off. Your only doing to be making money as long as you have a popular game with millions of active users. However as you mentioned,  the barrier for entry to the market is low,  and quality standards aren't on the same level as triple A development studios. So,  any small Development studio can in theory pop out a game like Zyngas top titles with a good bit of effort, and if they do it well, and make a top quality product, they can swipe all those people from Zyngas userbase. If people aren't playing the Zynga games as fanatically,  they aren't needing to make the IAPs to progress as their energy mechanic will be regenerating at its regular slow pace. Its a volatile market. ", "more like being honest with your statistics with open API tools and proving your claims is dying.", "", "[deleted]", "[deleted]", "nyx nyx nyx nyx nyx", "Obligatory /r/nyxnyxnyx", "Aww this isn't about eve online. :(", "So I wasn't the only one that thought it...", "PC? PC.", "PC. P. C.\n\nPC!", "PC! PC, PC, PC PC. PC? PC PC PC, PC. ", "Tom Cruise", "GGG? GG GGGG GGGG GGG!", "PC! PC!", "[No one uses a PC for gaming anyway.](http://www.pcgameshardware.de/screenshots/970x546/2013/06/PC_most_important_plattform-pcgh.png)", "48+13+11+5= 77 so not 100%? is the rest mobile developers?", "Probably. That's a HUGE market. Im curious if facebooks games would be considered mobile or pc.", "PC probably. most don't seem to work on mobile. and even if they do they're not designed specifically for mobile (except some)", "Handheld systems with the 3DS, Vita, and mobile. There are actually a lot of mobile developers in addition to web developers.", "I looked up the actual survey, 360 and PS3 are 13% each. Same for X1 and PS4.\n\nThe 48% for PC also includes macs.", "That is because macs are **P**ersonal **C**omputers.", "Yes yes but most often PC gaming refers to gaming on windows.", "You could take macs out and turn that to (likely) 44-46% if you feel they don't belong. Macs are an almost nonexistent part of PC gaming for various reasons.\n\n", "I'm not anti-mac or anything I was just clearing up what the original source said.", "But macs are a PC, so I'm not sure what you were clearing up.", "still no replay function", "It sucks (in fact, I was just watching WC3 replays *today*) but I think it's becoming more and more unimportant.\n\nStreaming and actual recording has taken its place. Forever gone are the days of browsing replay sites to get the newest and best. It's so much easier to head to twitch (or use in-client methods) to watch the best players...", "Meanwhile Dota 2 has an in-game replay function with in any resolution you want as its not a recording of the screen. So no pixelated shitty streams and with commentators voice on.", "Yes, it's quite good. I use it often.\n\nBut I don't think as many people want it as may have years past. I'm old-school, I don't even really like streams.", "I don't eitehr stream quality tends to  suck and the dota 2 replay system is very robust", "you know... if you zoom into the picture you can see their desktop PC's, but no actual gameplay is happening. Under the rules of this Reddit, that's not allowed. Expect your post to be deleted soon.", "saw someone playing angry birds on iPod so totally gaming related. edit: saw a netflix machine with 3 TITANS", "Probably can't even do 720p", "Why would you even bother only putting three Titans into a machine? Minecraft is barely playable at 300 fps.", "To people saying \"bullshit numbers\", the views mostly came from Asia, where it is shown on TV; mostly South Korea and China.", "Not really.  Many people in the US probably had more than 1 person watching the game.  My house had 8 of us.  I doubt I'm in the minority on this one.  Yeah Asia has much more but NA and EU still make up a large portion of this. \n", "4 here, every thursday, friday and saturday of the pros.  Me, wife and 2 oldest kids.", "Well, that's exactly what I just said; they mostly came from Asia, not that almost all of them came from Asia.", "We had six of us, but I started getting shit faced after it was clear it was gonna be a stomp so more like five. ..", "My house had 7.", "Season 4 championship, 64 million viewers? :o\n\nIf we follow this pattern. ", "That means season 6 will have like 20 billion viewers! :o", "Wat.\n\nDon't you mean 256 million viewers?", "How can there be 256 million viewers if there's only 7 million people in the world?", "WTF TWO SHENS", "the song is darude - sandstorm frankerz", "It's \"dog face\" no space", "Dyrude - Sandjail", "shhh, he doesn't know, leave him be.", "It depends. There are two possible situations I foresee. One is the continued growth which may happen short-term but can't continue long-term. The other is Dota 2 begins cannibalising their viewers/ players and thus we actually begin to see a decline, I see this happening because Dota 2 has a better f2p model and has only just launched/ is launching in the most popular regions so has a lot more potential growth.", "Heroes of the Storm is more likely to take away viewers than Dota 2 is.\n\nDota 2 is for more hardcore people, League is way more casual friendly. The only real threat against League for the \"masses\" is Heroes.\n\nAlso, I really had no commentary on this I was just pointing out the pattern.\n\nFrankly, I wouldn't be surprised if Heroes, drawing on the massive fanbases of Diablo, Warcraft and Starcraft just outright obliterate Dota 2 / League. \n\nOh god, imagine if Doctor Who, Star Trek and Star Wars had a cross-over? (and Stargate, I can't leave out Stargate!)", "heroes is a lot more casual than league and having a competitive scene is going to be very hard for that game...i think league has the best combination of casual and competitive", "Although mechanically wise League is more \"casual\", the fact that DOTA does not have ranked matchmmaking (that shows you your ranking), whereas League does can actually make DOTA seem more casual than League. on the League subreddit i've seen quite alot of comments saying that the person would switch if DOTA just had ranked matchmaking (that isn't broken like team matchmaking). ", "You actually think a game has a chance at taking out League...? We are a couple years away from even beginning that discussion. ", "[deleted]", "No, that's 4x more people in one year, so it would be 128 million next year.\n\nYou guys suck at math.", "IT'S HARD OK. That's why I have a PC, it has a calculator on it.", "http://replygif.net/802", "yea. i dont think this pace can keep up. here is a tweet from TotalBiscuit back in August\n\nhttps://twitter.com/Totalbiscuit/status/364915129709625344\n\nFor some perspective this year, in august, Dota 2's championship had about 1 million viewers. So good luck TotalBiscuit, but its not looking good. Lol. ", "I think Blueellama's gif response was about your math, not about whether or not they could keep up that pace. 8mil to 32mil would be a 4x jump.", "&gt; Actually if the pattern follows it would be about 256 million. 8 million watched season 2 finals and 32 million this year. That's 8x more people in one year.\n\nSomeone fails at math. 8x8 = 64, 8x4 = 32.\n\nAlso, that wasn't the pattern that was observed, because if we observed that pattern it would be 8 x 4 = 32 and then 32 x 4 = 128; however the actual pattern is 1, 8, 32... In which the increase is x8, x4 and so the next logical increase with this pattern is x2; or 32 x 2 = 64. ", "Sweet dreams twitch.", "you guys are idiots. why would you watch bunch of other people play a stupid game? be right back, i'm going to watch football.", "you're an idiot. why would you watch a bunch of other people play a stupid football game? be right back, i'm going to watch LoL.", "I'm a varsity football player and a league player. I watch football because I love watching the game I love being played at the highest level, and for the same reason I watch league. If you think about it there is essentially no difference in reason, save the fact that there is a certain social stigma against video games.", "I actually went this year.\n\nTrust me, just watch it online. Its far too expense.", "I wandered in for a few TSM matches at PAX Prime, which was a mistake because I wanted to spend all my time there afterwards.", "TSM! TSM! TSM! TSM!\n\nshut up pls I wanna hear the casters", "You would've had a terrible time at the WCS finals then, haha.", "maybe, but its worth. I fucking love TSM. I'm so pumped to see them play with the bjergsen", "The hype is real. ", "I've enjoyed watching him play NA soloq like its silver", "Burgerking*", "I went this year. It was totally worth it. Traveled from New Orleans to Los Angeles. Round trip with hotel and ticket (had floor seats) was around 600. Hotel was 1.5 miles from venue. My campus (LSU) is bigger than that. Totally worth it. Would do it again.", "I live in LA and that 3-0 stomp wasn't worth it.", "Geaux tigers.", "I live in LA so travel expenses weren't bad. I actually fully recoup the costs by auctioning off the skin codes I got (had like 20 because I talked to a lot of people I recognized). \n\nBut that being said, I'd probably won't go next year because the championships will be held in Korea.", "I was told a week before Blizzcon I could get a ticket for free, and almost dropped the 4-500 to get out to anaheim, then realized that would be retarded.  I've been out there a few times for MLGs and it's fabulous, but getting there free and having to pay are completely different haha.  I did fly out there on my own dime the first time though, and broke the bank. It was an amazing experience, but in hindsite, it was retarded to do. I'm lucky I was able to get a job with them soon after that, but I'm not sure it really had anything to do with being in Anaheim.", " #thattimeialmostwentsomewherebutrememberedihadabadtimelasttime", "Such expense\nSuch trust", "How much autism do you have?", "My friend Bruce Bisland (bearded) is one of the announcer for this epicness. He has fangirls and everything. Crazy Bruce...", "I'm pretty sure it's Rivington Bisland the 3rd, and he's a shoutcaster.", "Pretty sure that most people who are named after their father/grandfather are called by their middle name by their friends/family. ", "Pretty sure I'm not", "Pretty sure you're the exception, not the rule.", "I love Riv", "He is a great caster, always makes me laugh. ", "Rivington's voice makes me wet", "my google skills only led me to [this guy](http://www.thesweet.com/band/Bruce/)", "http://lol.gamepedia.com/Rivington\n\nSlightly more accurate.\n\nOn another note, you're friends with Riv? That's awesome.", "TSEMMMMM!", "Definitely the worst part of watching the LoL Finals was having to listen to the TSM fans chanting that over every fucking thing TSM did. Reggi killed a minion? Better chant TSM!", "I would rather have fans chanting for their teams over the obnoxious chants for ward kills. It was funny the clg.eu game but after that it was just annoying.", "Killing a ward at lvl 1? Cheer, kill a ward with no vision just as it's put down, cheer. Have oracles or pink ward? STFU ", "but destroying those wards tho...", "OP thats a fucking horrible title.", "why is this game so popular, I seriously don't get the hype around it. ", "What perspective are you coming from? Dota player, or just outside the genre completely? I can explain either, but it's tough without knowing.\n\nFrom a base level, it's popular because it's a mutiplayer, team game, and isn't an FPS. Before games like this, if you wanted a competitive team environment, you played team RTS games (which often weren't very balanced for the game type and weren't great for the 5 players per team we have here anyway) or you played an FPS game. If you didn't like FPS games, you were basically out of luck.\n\nObviously there's a lot more to it, but I truly believe that's how the genre started. From there, LoL was just the first \"Free to play\" option, if you count having to own WC3 as paying money.", "Lots of people play the game-&gt;talk about said game-&gt;other people decide to try it out to play with friends and since they keep hearing about it-&gt;can do so easily due to it being free and having low system requirements.", "It's free, runs on shit computers, and the elo system makes it easy to get into while allowing you to play and improve endlessly. ", "every game is different, but the fundamentals are the same.\n\nthere are complexities, but on the surface it's relatively simple.\n\nit's a team game. when you play this means it's more interesting, and when you watch you cheer for a team.", "I love the game because it's a really amazing combination of skill and strategy and every game you play is a little different depending on the skill levels of your team mates and the types of champions everyone in the game is playing.  \nJust starting out people don't know a lot of strategy, haven't developed all of the skills and dont understand the full functionality of thinking as a team to win a game.  From that low level games can be frustrating because quite frankly people are dicks that dont know better yet.  Between that and a loud minority of asshats league has a reputation for having an awful community that I think is really undeserved.\n  As you keep playing you keep improving your skills and all of a sudden you start noticing all of the nuances that go with all the different strategies and decisions in the game.  Even as you move up you'll still find assholes, but I believe less of them, especially if you can keep control of yourself and handle them the right way.\nLong story short as you play and play with friends and grow and learn it quickly turns from just a mindless game, to something rewarding and stimulating that you can really invest yourself in in tons of ways.  \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pw9GE2oFisI#t=290", "So this is what happens when all the PC gamers aren't quarantined? I think I like it.", "Pretty sure this post is a PC gamer singling himself out by unsubtly inserting \"PC\" into a title.\n\nDon't want to be \"quarantined\"? Start by referring to yourself as a gamer like everyone else, and stop bitching at the mistake of one mod.", "SOOOOO..... who won?", "The korean team sk telecon t1 won season 3.\nTaipai assassins, a taiwan team won season 2 and fnatic, a european team won season 1", "Thanks!\n\nI woulda guessed the Koreans!", "They absolutely crushed them and it was a terrible finals lol. Swept them in games that weren't really close. I wish every tournament could finish like TI3 and go full games that were back and forth stompfests.  It was a lot more satisfying to watch.  Can't wait for mlg this week. ", "To be fair, the chinese shouldn't really have made it. The stronger teams I think were knocked out by hard counter playstyles to each other during the quaters/semis Imo.", "The first game of the TI2 finals was a 16 minute forfeit though. Made me laugh as there seem to be a lot of DotA players who think surrendering is a sin.", "Surrendering in like a we give up way or we don't feel like playing way is bullshit.  If you're just doing an early gg because you've clearly lost, then I don't see the problem.", "is there anyway to watch the game live in client? or is this all views from twitch/live streams?", "just twitch/azubu/regional streams/other streams. no in-game obs. It was on the tournament client and LAN too, so no connection to the playable servers", "If you saw last season's finals you know exactly why they are played over LAN. ", "And television broadcasting from Korea/China.", "Also TV in Korea and China (hence why it took so long to get the numbers).", "Riot has their own very solid streams too and put up all the games afterwards in easy to see brackets etc.\n\nI usually prefer Riots own stream over twitch or other similar sites.", "I see this league of legends on reddit all the time, and I still have no idea what the fuck it is.", "/r/LeagueOfLegends : The main subreddit\n\n/r/SummonerSchool : Everything you want to learn about the game and playing it they can help with\n\n/r/LolEventVods : Important Streams and Events that you can watch whenever you want\n\nIt's always one of the top games on Twitch since there is seemingly always a pro or celebrity streaming\n\nA favorite streamer and video maker in the community, SivHD, raised $100,000 (around 1 Million with US Aid) in one day. Maybe on of the first times I really thought League and gaming had such huge potential for doing good stuff. \nhttp://youtu.be/EVDN_G3u3dU\n\nAnd Google is always your friend\n\n(Sorry this seems a bit rush, it crashed the first time\nI tried to make the comment and I had to do it over)\n", "Basically you control a RPG character in a team and fight other characters controlled by another team on a map.\n\nThink an FPS multiplayer like Team Fortress but instead of first person view it's a like a strategy game top-down view and instead of guns it's magic spells and stuff.", "I've tried watching some, but I didn't understand what I was watching. Also, after hearing about the experiences new players have to go through in order to pick up the game, I think I prefer to remain in the dark.", "It's really sad to see experienced players level up new accounts and whine, flame and harass obvious new players, ugh...", "leagueoflegends.com\n\nreddit.com/r/leagueoflegends\n\n**join ussssssssssss**", "A compelling pitch, but I work 7 days a week and like to get stuck into new games when I try them. I think this would destroy what little dregs of social life I have left at the moment.", "Good call. If you ever find yourself 60 free hours or so a week come on over.", "The League of Legends subreddit went to crap after it got really big though.", "I think it's fine.", "Agreed, if you want to see the heart of the LoL community (12 year old kids) you should check out elohell.net . It's packed with reposts, bad memes and irrelevant posts. it's kinda like Reddit but with a wordpress layout.", "I don't know it's pretty bad... I guess it isn't terrible for the amount of people using it and considering it is the League of Legends community but I had to stop using it. ", "still better than /r/gaming.", "32 million is fucking awesome and massive. Just note that the 14 million for the World Series is average over 6 games where 32 million is for one event on one day. Also note that the 14 millon viewer average is way higher than it has been in the past. So kudos to LoL and kudos to Riot. Can't wait for the season 4 championships.", "koreans are mental", "And there was probably more than 32million.\nIn my Uni Living place there was 10 of us just sitting around one TV with the PC plugged into it streaming it.", "THIS IS R GAMING WE DON'T POST ABOUT LEAGUE OF LEGENDS HERE\n\nedgy", "Let me just tune in my PC real quick", "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t61UePTYFJ4", "Across 500 embedded streams on every page of their website and launcher.. Plus fake generated viewers.", "I wonder if playing in that large of a venue gives you the same rush as playing in a band in front of a packed house where the fans are singing your song with you.", "It does.  I'm on the stage a lot fixing shit at mlgs, and even if you're not the player or someone people even acknowledge, just standing in front of that amount of people is insane.  No pressure though :p", "I think it would be awesome being a pro LoL player, however, being up there on stage, in front of 32 million people watching your every move, I'd practically be in a catatonic state.", "Anyone got a link to the VOD?", "I'm on mobile so I can't link but goto /r/loleventvods and find season 3 world championships", "I don't get it. How? Everytime I hear some LoL statistics I'm tempted to call bullshit. Just where are all of these people playing and watching LoL?", "I think League is the most subscribed non default gaming sub reddit.  It maybe one of the largest non default subreddits too, I can't think of any off the top of my head which beat it.  With nearly 400'000 people subscribed it's a large community and that's just reddit.  There's obviously other communities too.\n\nA LOT of these viewers came from Asia where it was being shown at a reasonable time (it was 4am or something in the UK), that and the two teams in the final were a Korean Team (SKT T1) and a Chinese Team (Royal Club) so the 8 Million peak viewers is probably influenced heavily by that.  ", "&gt;As of October 2012, Riot Games claims League of Legends has over 32 million registrations and averages 12 million players worldwide per day.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/League_of_Legends#Critical_reception\n\nThis is a global game. There are servers in \n\nNA\n\nBrazil\n\nTurkey\n\nEU West\n\nEU Nordic &amp; East\n\nRussia\n\nLatin America North\n\nLatin America South\n\nOceania\n\nKorea\n\nChina\n\nSEA \n\nTaiwan\n\nGreece\n", "Korea, China and South-East Asia mostly", "I was in my apartmentfor part of it, in a barcade for another part, then in my bedroom.\n\nThe real numbers are probably much higher then the article says due to viewing parties, barcades showing the games, and internet cafes streaming.\n\nHell, I live in downtown Chicago and I got invited to three parties to watch the games, and there were three barcades and one internet cafe having \"events\" for it. The party I threw had 12 people show up, I'm guessing the others had similar numbers, and the barcade we went to had about 80 people there to watch the games.", "In all honesty, watching LoL-streams is a new lifestyle among the LoL-players. Many people (me included) watch more streams than actually play the game.", "Yes. It's the same like watching american football or football. I can't remember when I played the last time football, but I'm watching the match of my favourite team every weekend.\n\n", "I only know it's popular because it is has the most viewers on twitch.\n\nI, personally, have no idea why people play it as I find it pretty boring.  Watching it isn't terrible if it is video and you can skip the first 1/3 to 1/2 of the match.\n\nBut, my personal feelings aside, it is insanely popular.", "I'm a giant LoL fan, and watching it is way better once you start playing the games. You start to see what the pros do, and why and how. There's so much to be learned from watching games.", "This thread gonna be so toxic. LoL", "dota2.", "How many viewers did dota2 get again?", "To be fair, dota2 just recently came out of beta and was just recently released in Korea.  League has quite the head start.", "Ah yes I remember the Dota 1 mantra:\n\n Blame Icefrog,\n\n blame noob allies,\n\n blame lag,\n\n blame terrain.\n\nit's never your fault!", "Most of the Dota 2 community doesn't know who Icefrog is.", "LoL is simpler game play plain and simple its for casuals who can't handle the added difficulty ", "[deleted]", "Hur hur funny.", "I was proudly not one of them.  Riot is a terrible company.  In my eyes, on the same level of EA.  I wish more people knew how bad Riot's customer service is.", "Riot is really inconsistent with customer service. They are either help you out immediately or they just ignore you. I think this is due to the fact that they are growing at an incredible rate and they really can't expand to meet the demands of such a huge player base.", "It looks like PC gaming is here to stay.", "Most overrated game of all time.", "32million viewers?! thats a lot of scrubs!", "[deleted]", "Thirty two million??\n\nI'm guessing 31.5m Koreans.", "How sad, LoL is such a bad game. Dota 2 is much better.", "Games are *very* subjective.", "&gt;~~Games~~ All media ~~are~~ is very subjective.\n\n\nFTFY", "[deleted]", "no doge in the race. such amaze. so TSM!", "Article claims LoL viewership \"rivals even NFL Superbowl\", last Superbowl was +110million, pretty sure thats less than a 3rd.\n\nedit, stay classy, you mindless rebuttal-less drones. ", "Citation needed\n\nprovide source pls", "&gt; A **total** of 164.1 million viewers watched part of the game broadcast. Its rating in major markets was a record. \n\nhttp://www.nola.com/superbowl/index.ssf/2013/02/super_bowl_2013_attracts_108_m.html\n\n&gt;An *average* audience of 108.4 million watched Super Bowl 2013 on *CBS*\n\nJust on that Network alone, not including streams nfl-pass espn-pass viewers ect.", "How does the view counts on the streaming work? By IP or users? I can imagine a house with 4 people watching League on their own computer would lead to 4 viewers? Whereas, for a sporting event, all 4 people would gather at one TV to watch the event = 1 viewer? Maybe that number is a bit out of proportion...?", "You think people are so anti-social they would watch their own screens in a house with 4 other people also interested in the same game instead of setting up a system that allows them to watch together? No. Even so, those numbers are minimum. I guarentee (as I saw many, many... too many posts on /r/leagueoflegends) that there were parties for this event including bars (they broadcasted some shots from the bars during the event).", "A while back on twitter one of the big eSports guys at Riot said they were taking this into account.\n\nBesides, a lot of people gathered together as friends and groups (just like they do for other sports) to watch. \n\nAdditionally lots of these views are from China/Korea where it was broadcast on television. I assume they have ways of estimating how many people are watching besides just looking at concurrent stream viewers.", "Isn't the title true for other games as well? \n32 Million fans tuned in to watch other players play a football game.", "WTF is going on with all the retarded jerks about PC's?  \nSeriously, I thought this place couldn't get any lamer, but this is taking the cake.", "Can anybody explain to me what is going on here, with all the QQ about PC circlejerk or whatever? I haven't seen anything that made me think there was a circlejerk about PCs here.", "Post something ever so slightly negative about pc gamers. I dares you. I double dares you!", "Normally I'd say that I'm a PC gamer myself, but I really hope that's the only thing I have in common with these people.", "It's the fact some people who play games on either platform take themselves so seriously to defend that platform that entertains me.", "I like how this article in any other sub doesn't have to say OH LOOK PC IT'S A PC GAME WE'RE NOT ACTING LIKE SPOILED CHILDREN AT ALL PCPCPC. Stop it. ", "Finally a League post. It was starting to get really DOTA in /r/gaming. ", "too bad they didn't tune in to play a good one", "It's surprising that many people would tune in to watch someone use Excel.", "Its amazing how butthurt you are over a post getting deleted.", "I don't even know what's going on, just basking in PC glory and your butthurt over perceived butthurt.", "Right.  You just know the exact wording on the initial discussion.\n\nYou should put your dick in a blender and do future women a favor.", "Easy there", "You need a lot of skill and knowledge to make those spreadsheets that calculate AP/AD DPS gains on items, man.", "LoL is garbage, go play a real MOBA. LoL players can't even deny.", "That's probably why so many more people talk about Dota and every other moba a whole lot more, right? Right? I'm not defending league, I just find it hilarious when people say this game is shit, but it's #1 out of all of them. ", "It caters to most people by being more simple. Nothing more or less amazing than that.\n\nDota has a lot more bigger learning curve and that doesn't even need to be debated. LoL is a lot more easy to approach and to get into. Which is preferred by someone is totally up to them.", "saw [this interesting photo](http://www.ongamers.com/images/1300-1370) in the comments", "Shocker.  A shitload of PC users used a PC to watch programming.", "That's kind of just sad actually.\n", "League of legends isn't very interesting for me to play... How do you watch people play it?", "Of course, this wouldn't be a big deal if they only tuned in to watch *themselves* play on a PC game", "So is this 32 million number legit? It seems fake", "How can there be 32 million viewers if there are only 7 million people? ", "[Definitely NOT bots.  Nope, no bots here!](http://static.ongamers.com/uploads/original/0/539/1370-untitled.png)", "From Dreamhack winter 2012. ", "So many virgins.", "Really? Because I play league and I have sex with your mom all the time. ", "Wow 32 million people... I still don't get the fascination behind LoL.", "And every single one is fucking gay. its a horrible game and they should feel bad.", "&gt;'on a PC game'\n\nWas that bad grammar necessary? \n\n'32 Million fans tuned into to watch other players gaming' is probably enough.\n\n'32 Million fans tuned into to watch other players PC gaming' is enough if its important that PC is in there.\n\nOr the best \n\n'32 Million fans tuned into to watch other play &lt;game title&gt;.'", "As opposed to football, where millions of fans tune in to watch some guys carry a leather ball across a field.", "This cirlcejerk is so strong."]["Warp 5, captain.", "Set a course for Helgen.", "Engage.", "[To boldly go...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-1kkB_qF28)", "*bwwooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*", "Quake vision.", "Cheers. Have an upvote and a comment commending you. ", "Can't quite say the same for you. ", "WHAT.\n\nFUCK YOU FOR SHOWING A FRIENDLY GESTURE, ASSHOLE. \n\nWOW.\n\nJUST WOW.\n\nTHE NERVE.", "Abandon this immediately. ", "I take my downvotes just like how I take a dick.\n\nLike a man. ", "Totalbiscuit is not pleased.", "As long as it doesn't go crazy at 60 fps and lets you skip videos, he doesn't have a meltdown.", "Care to explain?", "Totalbiscuit tends to complain if a game's fov is too low or isn't adjustable. I guess this would displease him, because it's disorientating and would give most people a headache (which is the reason why he dislikes low fov). ", "But in a way it makes no sense. It's only possible to play like this because you **can** change the FoV to your liking in Skyrim. This would not displease him.", "Maybe. I don't really know.", "Not maybe, it's true. 160 is just someone taking it to the extreme for the sake of being able to. In reality i'm sure TB would like the ease of use FOV adjustments. \n\nThe thing that sucks about editing FoV in TES/FO games, is your arms/weapons get really distorted and small compared to games that have done a better job.", "Do you know what the default FOV is in Skyrim? I think it's pretty good.", "75 I believe.", "You also have to factor in resolution and monitor size and all that jazz.\n\nPersonally playing 1920x1080 I found it to be fine. That said, I noticed it was a -touch- low, but i never felt the urge to fix it. Unlike poorly ported FPS games, like the first Borderlands, where they lock your Fov at insanely low numbers that cause the game be nigh unplayable, and you're forced to mod it to make it so.", "I play 90, but skyrim's horizontal FOV really bothers me if I come from a game like battlefield because they use vertical FOV.", "Default is actually 65. Personally, on 1920x1200, I play at 80, because 85 starts getting a touch of fisheye, and at 90 it is very distracting.", "He would be / is displeased because it's a setting that requires you to open the console or edit the config when it should be available as a simple slider.", "Thanks a lot, bud. ", "But... This is high FOV. ", "I dare you to do a youtube let's play series with FOV 160.", "haha im not good at doing commentary i also don't really like my own voice on recordings.", "No one likes their own voice on recordings.  Ask anyone in the voice acting subreddits.\n\nDo it.  Do a let's play.", "fine i will try and do it , i need to get rendering software first.\n\nim not the best at skyrim :P\n\nyou can look at my channel if you want https://www.youtube.com/user/Adam44533", "[OBS is good. Get it.](http://obsproject.com/)", "ok thanks downloaded it and i also tested the first level to see how it would all look in 160 fov and its really confusing i had no idea how far away anyone was lol ... i guess this will be an experience.\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/EhDXYqe.jpg", "Hahaha oh my God this is going to be good.", "Know how to make it even better? Take a few hits of acid first. That would make it perfect.", "&gt;Know how to make eet even better? Take a few swigs of skooma first. That would make it... purrrrrfect.\n\nKhajitTFY", "I just want to watch you try and shoot a bow now.", "wish I had this for when I was trying to get into the let's play thing way back when :/", "Now do it drunk.", "And upside down!", "Naked!", "Much prefer it at 110 FOV\nIn the rift\nhttp://riftmod.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/Skyrim-HUD-Corrected-for-Oculus-Rift.jpg\n", "Multiply this by 300,zoom out and experience a fly playing Skyrim.", "That's 33,000 FOVs by my calculation.\n\nWhat now?", "Fields of view over 180 (and functionally 180 itself) are mathematically impossible rendering using a rectangular projection.", "Drives me nuts when these Rift mods aren't stereoscopic... What's the point?", "Most rift mods are stereoscopic, including the one I posted.  Even without stereoscopic a view, the sense of presence is still impressive. ", "Um... Yeah... What does FOV stand for? Field of view?", "Correct!", "Now the next question is was this horizontal or vertical FOV?", "In games its always horizontal, to give the impression of peripheral vision.", "Not always, but most of the time it's horizontal. It depends on the game engine. I think Crysis 3 is one example that uses vertical fov settings.", "I think the Metro series does too.", "And that would be 160 degrees right?", "Fear and Loathing in Skyrim", "But the human eye cant see more than 20 fov", "[This is not true at all.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_eye#Field_of_view)\n\nNow, the amount of that FOV that's in focus at any give moment is much less and, perhaps, equivalent to a 20 FOV. But the overall FOV of a single human eye is over 90", "Yeah...no. That would give me a headache after five minutes, lol", "I have a question. Could you force the FOV up to say 360'? By question I mean screenshot request.", "Usually when you try to force a game's FoV past what it intended you to use you end up with bugs making it unplayable.  Either it'll crash, break your vision or UI, or end up pointing the wrong direction.  For the sake of having done so, I'll force 360 FoV on this game with the console when I get home and post results.", "Would like to see that :)\n\nCould you with this method make a full circular enviroment? Or is it only horizontal?", "It's not quite as simple as that, since FoV is really trying to calculate how your eyes would process the environment based on a point a certain distance from the screen, rather than just showing more or less of the world.  furthermore, there's both horizontal and vertical FoV, and they can't generally be adjusted independently.  [This article by a Gearbox dev](http://www.gearboxsoftware.com/community/articles/1061) has a good explanation of how this works.  I tested on Fallout New Vegas since I didn't have Skyrim installed and NV is on an older version of the same engine.  I think one of my mods was conflicting with the command and resetting my FoV when I exited the console, so some of these screens have a chunk of white text on them.  [Normal](http://i.imgur.com/cnYOUz9.jpg) [FoV](http://i.imgur.com/SeDbw8a.jpg) for refernce.  setting [FoV](http://i.imgur.com/KSFZI1a.jpg) to [360](http://i.imgur.com/hScO1oZ.jpg) only seems to go up to 180 degrees at a guess.  There's a big red building behind me that would be visible if the actual FoV was anywhere near that angle.  Most likely the engine checks to see if the value being entered is valid prior to attempting it in this case.  This is not always true in other games though.  I accidentally performed this same experiment in Minecraft a while ago, and setting FoV too high with a speed potion just flips the camera upside down and backwards like the player's neck has been snapped.  Resizing the window, however, results in the [typical](http://i.imgur.com/NknE2.jpg) [light](http://i.imgur.com/IGuyT.jpg) [speed](http://i.imgur.com/UmpRd.jpg) effect.  Games that don't have an inbuilt way to adjust FoV can be manually changed via a tool such as [Widescreen Fixer](https://www.widescreenfixer.org/), but tend to crash a lot as a result.  High FoV can also mess up hud elements and make things appear in the wrong place.", "That information is incorrect- FOV of 180 and above are mathematically impossible with a rectangular projection. A polar projection would allow it, but heavily fisheye the result.", "If you can get it to project in Fisheye then its possible. \n\n360 degrees in Quake:\n\nhttp://strlen.com/files/pix/ssf/dm4_0360.jpg", "As far as I am aware, there are only two ways to do that:  \n\n-If you are willing to accept a distorted image, use a custom software renderer.  Modern GPUs have hardware rasterizers that draw straight lines as the edges of triangles.  This means that you cannot warp the view as in [PanQuake](http://strlen.com/gfxengine/panquake/) or [FishEye Quake](http://strlen.com/gfxengine/fisheyequake/).  I do not know if things like the Oculus Rift could drive a change to rasterizers, as the rift would benefit from hardware that can do non-linear edges.  Currently, games that are sent to the Rift have the image distorted after it's been rendered, losing detail and wasting processing power.\n\n-Render the scene multiple times at different viewpoints.  If you only have one monitor (or a number of monitors in a plane), stitch the images together.  If, on the other hand, you have multiple monitors surrounding you, send each render to its respective monitor.  This can produce accurate 360 degree imagery, and is used for things like flight simulators.\n\nI am very frustrated that the latter option is so very rare in games.  Virtually everyone with three monitors tilts the outer ones at an angle relative to the central monitor.  But because the scene isn't rendered three times for each viewpoint, *you are getting a completely incorrect image*.  I'm actually working on a blog post to complain about this, because it's a relatively simple change yet makes things much more immersive.", "Keep with in mind - 360 is a full circle, and therefore also 0 degrees.", "This only true in the sense that if you were travelling around on a circle you'd return to the same point. A 360 arc (what we're really talking about) is not at all the same as a 0 arc, nor is 720 the same as 360.", "The skooma's better than I thought in Skyrim.", "I play these setting with a pair of binoculars.", "I see you made an aragonian character. \nLizards see the world this way right?", "It depends. In the '80s lizards saw everything with a red filter, which is also how many cyborgs and robots used to see, although it was often more grainy and came with a HUD that displayed all sorts of useless information about anything and everything being seen. ", "upvote for obscure bullshit lol", "The cart was going 88MPH ?", "Who needs 3 monitors when you've got wide angle lenses?", "Hardcore Skyrim\n160 fov\nno deaths\ncant make iron daggers ", "Horses of Skyrim Vision. ", "This hurts\n", "Too much skooma\n", "I think I'm feeling it...", "I always thought \"man skyrim needs more FOV\" but this is a little over the top. What FOV is skyrim normally at?", "Trippy mane", "This is awesome to try though, poor man's Oculus Rift:  \n\nCrank up your FOV like this.\n\nPut your face up to monitor. \n\nFeel immediate immersion.\n\n", "The trick is to sit with eyes at the distance\n\n[*width of screen*] / tan(80)\n\naway from the screen.", "160FOV is actually pretty awesome. I know someone with a triple projection 180degree set up. Fucking amazing. Skyrim on it looks great. FOV set at about 150-180 plays amazingly.", "Trippy as hell", "damn i wish i had the insight to boot up skyrim, start a new game, press the tilde key, type \"fov 160,\" take a screenshot, and then upload it to reddit so i could hit the frontpage of r/gaming. you are truly a genius OP", "/r/trees please.", "Is this how Horse's see?", "[carting intensifies]", "On pc", "I do not understand why games don't automatically correct the warping of the fov. This took literally [2 seconds in photoshop](http://i.imgur.com/F09kmJR.jpg) to make playable, and about 90% of the image is still there.", "Fisheying each frame drops framerate. It is most effective on small games like quake.\n\nhttp://strlen.com/gfxengine/fisheyequake/", "I assume because the developers don't think anyone would take it to that extreme? ", "I immediately felt dizzy when looking at that pic.", "so now, what am i looking at here champ?\n", "Only if I want to have my face in the toilet for the next hour. ", "Quake this bitch up.", "Where will you be when the acid kicks in?", "The day my dark elf made a potion of unknown effect. ", "You cannot grasp the true form of Skyrim.", "Why is this an option?", "Because some people play on more than one monitor", "Ohh so this is what it's like to be on NZT-48.", "Can't wait to get to your execution, eh ? Gotta go fast!", "I'll have to do that next time I'm tripping. holy hell.", "Did anyone else start subconsciously humming Black Hole Sun?", "if you put your face close enough to the screen.. it actually looks like a neat effect", "Put it up to 360 (if possible) for shits and giggles.\n", "Only on pc", "Wurf", "Maybe at this FOV TotalBiscuit might not get headaches!", "does this have oculus rift compatibility?", "The best way to play skyrim on a PC*", "Or you can just do some acid", "I'm drooling at the thought of occulus rift support for Skyrim. ", "very pc, much vision, wow", "This is pretty much the tf2 pro scene in one picture.", "Highest FOV in tf2 is 90. There was a popular plugin that unrestricted this that was frequently used in the euro competitive scene, but it is now banned by valve. \n\nHigh-level Quake on the other hand, looks exactly like this.", "This reminds me of that BF4 review that was posted a little while ago where this cunt just nitpicked the entire campaign. the first thing he does is bitch that he can't change his FOV in single player.", "Being actually change FOV is a fundamental feature in a game."]["you can see the photoshop job on her front waist area...the window payne is all blurry and not straight...\n", "Did you have to go and wreck it?", "He came in like a wrecking ball", "Yea, that back arch is not natural.  It looks very alien.", "Personally I'd actually prefer her without shopping- her midsection really doesn't seem *right* considering the size of her bust and thighs. \n\nIdeally at least a little bit of outward curve around the midsection is natural and aesthetically pleasing, considering her posture. \n\nHer non-shopped pics look great, this one seems a tad off with the shopping. ", "Damn! Bioshock's DLC on PC looks amazing.", "This was the next link after this one on my front page. Oddly fitting. \nhttp://i.imgur.com/QLVbOCD.png", "She looks great but noticeably unnaturally tiny. Is it possible this photo was shopped? ", "Just wow.", "Busty petite is my kind of tea. ", "What the hell is with her waist?", "shopped ", "What Waist? ", "Could be the angle shes leaning. Also her skirt doesn't end at her waist it stops higher which could trick your mind.", "Hey moderator you dont have to remove this post, i see an hidden xbox somewhere near the hidden alcove. It was close call but i think you can let this one go. ", "I'd go balls deep and bust all kindz of nuts.", "Bestill my throbbing ~~cock~~ heart!", "PC", "..."]["Age of Empires 2", "Aoe II introduced me to PC gaming.", "AoE II introduced me to history.", "Same, took a minor in history because of AoE II", "You remember? I can vaguely remember playing some when I was really young. Age of Empires, Half-Life, Constructor, MechWarrior 2, Championship Manager. I can remember playing Constructor and AoE for hours on end. Those games were amazing for their time.", "Rock on.", "Lumberjack.", "CheeseSteakJimmy's", "robin hood", "how do you turn this on", "Marco Polo \n\n", "Woof woof", "Aegis", "[Wololo](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/3tBqdKGiqnI/0.jpg)", "My personal favorite; aegis. ", "I was going to say Age of Mythology: the Titans.", "I actually didn't like the Titans as much as the base game.  Don't get me wrong, it was a great game, I just wish I could play it with Titans disabled so it wouldn't just be a rush to get the first titan.  Maybe it was an option and I missed it somewhere.", "Yeah the use of the titans was overkill so I mainly just used them as a counter Titan. I would also play on island maps to stay isolated. \n\nThose god powers though, I enjoy those!", "it depends on your level. competitive games were absolutely not a titan rush. if you neglect army early on to focus on getting a titan later on you'd get stomped before even reaching the heroic age", "Consumed my life.   I had an obsession with LoTR mods with this game too.", "The Titans? That's disgusting. Vanilla AoM all the way!", "Yep.  Played this weekend.  Bah-BAH!", "oooh wahhh ooooh waaahhh  ooooh wahh", "Yes! I wish I could buy the AoE 2 HD ;_;", "Do it.", "Fuck yes", "HEEE YEEEOOOW!", "With the Conquers expansion.  Also Starcraft 2 Brood war. ", "came here to post Age of Empires 2, saw it was the top rated comment, left satisfied. ", "I've always preferred Rise of Nations.", "This.  Goddamn, this.", "Total Annihilation, bought it the day it came out and I still fire it up every once in a while.", "Total Annihilation is such a great game. It was one of the first PC games I played and the first RTS I played.", "There's something way too satisfying of creating a Big Bertha/Intimidator battery and shelling the shit out of enemies.", "Yeah I've done that a few thousand times.", "Those two weapons just have perfect sound, animation, and are so wildly inaccurate that when they hit it is amazing. Building my first Bertha is what got me hooked.\n\n", "For me it was always the naval combat. It was my favorite part of WC2 as well.", "Talk about your great soundtracks!", "This game was so ahead of it's time. Aerial units dogfighting and flybys, construction and action queues, projectiles that can miss, salvaging, new and installable units, etc. Just a mass of realistic game mechanics that were quite novel in 1997, and I wish more games still had them today.  \n\nSomeone should make an HD TA, like they did for AoE2.", "Actually it's so far ahead of it's time it doesn't need an HD remake. Fire it up, it can run at any modern resolution.", "I'll have to look at it again. I fired it up about a year ago with the original cd and I don't remember having better options.", "TA Kingdoms was the shit too I miss it :(", "dude get onto planetary annihilation if you haven't, its still in beta but its by the same dudes that made TA.\nI spent countless hours playing TA and still have the shortcut on my desktop today, id have to say out of all the rts games i've played this, red alert and dark reign all hold a special place in my gaming life. \ncame here to post this, found out others still play it!", "Check out Planetary Annihilation, pretty much the unofficial sequel has the same guys working on it", "Sorry Starcraft, Imma let you finish, but Total Annihilation is the greatest RTS OF ALL TIME", "Diablo II. I will never get tired of that game. In fact, it's my all time favorite game. But, Heroes III is definitely up there. I played Heroes III for hours on end, non-stop...until it got stuck in my girlfriend's (now dead and broken) laptop.", "&gt; until it got stuck in my girlfriend's (now dead and broken)...\n\nOh god no\n\n&gt; laptop. \n\nOh, ok.", "Yeah, now that she's dead and broken, that laptop is his/hers.", "You just made my day.", "You can not get tired of Diablo II. This is a fact.", "Indeed. I've logged over thousands and thousands of hours into that game, and never once have I ever gotten the same unique/set items. I know there are still weapons/items in that game that I still have yet to get.", "Ladder reset 11/26 - hope to see you on there!", "Was not aware of that. Thanks for the heads-up!", "Ladder reset on reddit's private server: 12/20\n\n/r/slashdiablo", "Jesus, I started thinking were I put my CDs again... You want to end me!?", "Definitely.  I loved Diablo II and the expansion.", "The expansion was fantastic. Easily one of my favorites and, in my opinion, one of the best expansions ever created. The fact that, not only was it its own story, but it also changed the original game, as well, with all the new weapons and items. Fantastic.", "If you're serious about the disk being stuck there, most optical drives have a little hole (around 1.5mm) - you can stick a wire or a paper clip there, push and force it to open. Alternatively, as several people mentioned already, GOG.", "Why not just get hero's from gog.com", "...because I didn't think about that.", "When I was a kid I loved the Curse of Monkey Island series. Couldn't get enough of Guybrush Threepwood ", "YES!  I came here to mention this.  The monkey island series is still my favorite set of games to this day.  Have you played the updated versions?\n", "I missed out on those growing up. For me it was the Sierra adventure games. Kings Quest, Space Quest, Police Quest, Quest for Glory...", "For me, also Heroes 3. And its expansions.", "The campaigns were pretty damn hard!", "Dude, some of those expansion campaigns were fucking impregnable. Never got through some of them. ", "I had this 10 year long quest to finish all Heroes 3 campaigns. When I was done I found [this](http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_chronicles_all_chapters). It never ends!", "No this is a good thing. Looks like I've got my retirement basically all planned out. ", "The chronicles are easy compared to the campaigns and some chronicles are 4 maps long.", "The soundtrack is just so good, I still listen to it. To refresh your memory: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q43G9FTaomg\n\nOh and because not a lot of people will listen to it for an hour, here's my favourite piece: the Rampart theme http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFs5nYHejDU", "Even that homm3 is also my favorite PC game of all time and I also love this PC game soundtrack, another PC game in the series hold the best soundtrack for this PC series. HOMM4.\n\nI just love the sea theme : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkDXNSWJLuo (in this PC game)", "Ah my people! The HoMM series has freaking fantastic soundtracks that just fit so well with everything it's absolutely ridiculous. The music in these games are pretty much my favourite part of the games in general.", "If you buy the game on GoG, it includes the soundtrack for you to download. It really is wonderful :)", "22 minutes in, thank you for the memories! \nIt's such an accurate soundtrack! ", "Thanks for the nostalgia trip.", "thanks for that man, I'd forgotten how much I loved this music", "Ho-ly-shit... this game was and still is in my opinion one of the best turn based games in existence.", "I still play HOMM3, and every time I play, my partner asks how I can play the same game for 10+ years and not get bored of it. But you know, it's just that you can do so many things with it. The permutations are pretty boundless (castle type, main hero, starting position on map, map size, type, AI difficulty, handicap, etc.).\n\nI LOVE Heroes 3. Still. After so freaking much playtime.", "This is the game that introduced me to lan/hotseat parties. God I had some good memories with it.", "I love this game. I  wish I knew a coding genius who could program the AI to be tougher/smarter.  My only complaint about this game was the cheating/stupid AI.", "I used to play H3 all the time with my brother before i had any idea what to do. And I'd lan that game with my babysitter. god what a good time", "I started on Heroes IV and have never played 3. I'm so used to the hundreds (if not thousands) of hours of IV, I don't think I'd enjoy III.", "Mine too! Wish they had continued making more expansions though with new creatures and castles and campaigns. Sigh..", "I was more a fan of Heroes of Might and Magic 2. That underworld business threw me off.", "Still play it to this day. Actually, play it in class on my laptop when I'm bored. ", "Is this the version you would want to try and play as someone who has never played any might and magic game? Or would you go for a newer version?", "the fan expa  In the Wake of Gods is so godamn good", "Baldurs Gate series", "Absolutely amazing games. You can buy BG1+2, and the expansions, for about 10. If I add up all the time I've spent on that game, I probably paid about one or two pennies an hour.", "Played Planescape: Torment?", "the first one is on steam now, enhanced edition new characters, classes, and quests. so amazing. will always be my favorite PC game. ", "The second one is also on steam now, also in enhanced edition.", "is it throne of Baal or shadows of Amn?", "Both! Also, Black Pits 2!", "I played BGII + expansion pack through a while ago. I rolled a bard as my main. \n\nAt the first sign of trouble my bard would bust out his lute and slam down some serious beats. All hell was breaking lose and my main was sitting around playing a lute. BARD LYFE!", "And stinking cloud is still my favorite spell!", "I will never tire of magic missile. Step into a fight, and straight away target their mage with it - they've instantly wasted their best spell that they were definitely casting.", "Hey the BG2 enhanced edition is out on steam!", "The first Baldur Gate game I stayed up 48 hours to play and it still is the only game I've ever done that because I just couldn't get away.", "Full plate and packing steel!", "It's gonna' have to be Red Alert 2. Great soundtrack, great gameplay. And the cutscenes will stay with me until I die.", "'Kirov Reporting'", "Is problem?\n", "It had that great combination of campy and humorous cutscenes and quality gameplay.", "\"I lost the bomb! Do *you* have it?\"", "Pretty sure my first erection was induced by Tanya", "\"Locked and loaded!\"", "The jet pack dudes \"I can goo anywhere!\"", "I remember probably about 10 years ago, summer break from high school, me and a friend would stay up EVERY NIGHT playing it until 2 AM, or later. As a 15 year old, we had a blast. I might have even still been on dial up, but that game was just so much fun.", "I still go back to that game from time to time.", "\"Acknowledged\". My favorite thing to do was to make a huge 6 player skirmish map. You know, where you change the X,Y coordinates in a text file to make it really big. I would would then bust out the editor and make the mine sweeper super bad ass, like with mammoth cannons and flaming throwers on it. The AI never used the mine sweepers so I could be unchallenged in game. I would then build a ridiculously large base with tesla coils on every corner. When I got board off  defending I would just throw out my mine sweepers and decimate everyone. Was that just Red Alert or 2? Anyway that was some good times.", "Ready for some Action! ", "For me it was c&amp;c 1. I'm a mechanical man... ", "started it for me. Have to be Tiberian Sun that topped it off", "Red Alert 2 is the pinnacle of the C&amp;C series. Fantastic.", "Rubber boots in motion ", "Rollercoaster Tycoon 2\n\nEdit: Gotta love all those cereal box video games", "Yes! has some essential upgrades from RCT1 but hasn't lost the magic like RCT3 did. Such a perfect game.", "*Age of Mythology man*", "This is still a LAN staple for me.", "Hell yeah, man.\n\nWell, a while ago anyway. My friends stopped liking it, so I just play against computers. The best part is if I feel like I'm gonna lose I just bomb the other guy endlessly with meteors.", "Idk why but I LOVE building walls and big cities in that game.  I purposely set maps to Large and make the CPUs \"Defensive\" so they do the same.  \n\nThat and spamming nidhogs.", "I love the cheats too.  I love sending out my army of flying purple hippos that vomit hearts.", "WUV WOO", "O CANADA", "isis hear my plea x 20\n", "Prostagma?", "Voulome", "Dritomos", "Vuforvos", "Orthos!", "Any Age of Empires game really", "Ahh.. This game helped me experience the sting of price drops.  I saved up $80 for the collector's edition when I was 14, and within less than a year it was worth $30 in stores. ", "My young self spent SO much time on this game! Way better than age of empires 2", "I started playing when I was... 8? 9? I know that feel.", "I played this game all through elementary and was one of the top 10 deathmatch players for a bit. Remember WolfRam clan? ", "Rise of nations", "Probably the greatest RTS of all time, or at the very least a personal favourite. Really bums me out what happened to Big Huge Games and Brian Reynolds decision to develop social and mobile games.", "This game does not get the acclaim it deserves. It was an amazingly competitive and enjoyable RTS experience that combined some of the best RTS's of the time/subgenre (Empire Earth, Age of Empires, etc.)\n\nIf you haven't played this game, they're doing an HD remake soon! ", "Really, HD? Like enhanced textures, or just HD res support? You know, you can just edit a config file to enable higher resolutions. Google it.", "Like the Age of Empires HD version, they're planning on redoing Rise of Nations in HD as well =)", "For Mac too??", "Agree completely. I played all the \"Age\" style RTSs and to me, this one was so good it killed the genre for me. After RoN I couldn't play anything else.", "Its funny because I hate competitive RTSs usually, they're rarely fun and strategic like I want them to be and typically revolve around a specific unit spam or build order.\n\nBut when I played RON competitive at LANs and such I saw so many different strategies and cultures, it was absolutely awesome. I was a total homebrew player at the game but by playing smart I won a few tourneys without any real knowledge of the game's meta which felt amazing.", "WHAT!? HD version of Rise of Nations!? Thanks so much for **revealing** this, this is amazing! Where did you hear of this joyous news?\n\nEDIT: All I found was this (look at apps): http://steamdb.info/sub/1665/#section_apps \nIt does not say anything about it being in HD, just RoN Gold coming to steam, with what I suspect to be steam multiplayer servers, which is awesome nonetheless. ", "I think reviling is the opposite of what you want to say.", "I always felt like its biggest influence was Civilization. The cities, ruins, scouts, trade ressources, research, aircraft... that's real time civ.\n\nBut fucking awesome\n\nedit: Wait, there's more: Nukes, embarking, wonders, the way special units were handled, borders...", "I did a control F to make sure somebody else mentioned RoN before I made my own comment. My favorite PC game. I still fire up my parents way outdated PC to play that game from time to time. ", "Homeworld &amp; Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri\nThe best games I've ever played", "I picked up SMAC/SMAX from GOG last year for a few dollars. Amazing game. Never even heard of it until then too until the Sid name caught my eye and figured it must be half-way decent if he directed the Civ series. I enjoy Civ III, IV, V and Endless Space but SMAC is really up there for best TBS. Perhaps Civ IV is better. Can't decide though I suppose that's why I play all of them.", "Alpha Centauri is imho the best \"civ\" game to date. It's just so much broader regarding strategy, if a bit unbalanced. In civ everyone roughly fights for the same things, in SMAX everyone kinda had his own priorities... \n\nThere's the guy spamming cities all over the ocean, the wormloving freak who can't be defeated with conventional weapons, the communistic warmonger who's way back in tech but has at least five billion units standing around... ", "Homeworld was the best game ever made.", "This. Pretty sure I just happened to install the Homeworld: Cataclysm demo from a PC Gamer disk back in the day. Was really intrigued so I found the original. Completely was blown away. One of those first 3 missions really got me, which is so weird for an RTS. The feels. I've gone back and played it dozens of times.", "The first computer game that I ever played (besides Math Blaster) was SMAC. The awe that it instilled in me in the sciences was phenomenal, and I would go so far to attribute my interest in higher education to this game. The time and effort put into this game to connect it to the realities on earth almost made this game seem like a vision of things to come.", "Warcraft III: TFT", "Amen!", "Starcraft Brood War", "I came in here to say this. During the summers I would be sent to my dads, where I knew no one, which meant I would play Brood War for around 8 hours a day.", "Ultima Online\n\nEDIT: Closest feeling to UO for me was playing DAYZ, completely different game, but same adrenalin rush :)", "You can't really explain UO to people who never played it, the best Analogy that I could ever come up with was... you ever hear how the Old West was well when you stepped out of town that was basically UO, no law whatsoever... the scarest thing however was a naked guy except for a cloak running at you yelling Corp Por! That was a game that made your heart pump when you were close to dying as it really is the only game that would penalize you by making everything you had able to be taken away from you.", "yes! abyss server, fun for days...\n\n", "Dang the Abyss server... now here's something I had forgotten! Looked for videos of gameplay on there but couldn't find any :(", "Such a  great game", "Nothing else like it.  Other MMOs (and current UO) pale in comparison. \n", "Amen brother, I'm just dreaming of the day a current gen sandbox MMO comes out with the same freedom UO had. \n\nI have high hopes for Everquest Next though I know it wont be as free as UO but I think it'll be closer to it than most other MMOs lately.", "X-Com UFO Defense... SOOOOOO many late nights on that game.\n\nCiv is still the king of one more turn though.", "Have you tried the Total War series? That would be my \"one more turn\" game for sure. ", "I liked it but it never really caught my attention as other games have, also I hear dthe latest Rome was kinda meh compared to the others. Maybe I'll have to check them out and give them a second try.", "I also love XCOM and Civ, but total war just didn't do it for me. I enjoyed the map/city part but found the battles frustrating - something about the camera controls just killed it. I remember flipping it to automated battles to get trhough it but I knew I was missing the point of the game.", "Those are the two I would have a hard time choosing between, and the fact that their modern incarnations are good is just plain amazing!\n", "I really like how they got rid of unit stacking with Civ 5, I like the fact you can use tactics to defeat an overwhelming enemy force because the computer is dumb.", "Good show!", "Even though XCOM has been re-imagined recently, the original gave you more control of your base management and squad, and more choice in general. Plus whenever you came across something new in battle whether it be weapons or aliens - it was always thrilling!", "Thrilling? The first time you found a Chryssalid was much more like absolutely, gut-wrenchingly terrifying. \n\nWhen the first one of your guys went down and got right back up again... And the the moment when you finally kill the Chryssalid, and start gunning for the zombie, only to have it split in half... The stuff of nightmares. ", "Came here to find this. The game that got me addicted to PC gaming, turn-based gaming, and old-school gaming, all at the same time. Great gameplay in tactics and strategy. They don't make many games as deep as XCOM now. ", "Warcraft III Reign of Chaos. My first online gaming experience couldn't have been better. Had a blast.", "so awesome... but it introduced me to world of warcraft aka online meth", "i've been clean since wrath... not even once", "Honestly, Hero Wars and Footy Wars, the various LotR maps, and the map maker kept me busy for 2+ years. This was before I knew about Ventrillo, so my friend and I would just call each others houses for hours while we played. God, what a great game. ", "God bless the golden age of custom maps", "Blizzard killed it with SC2... I really hope that some day we will get another big game with this kind of custom map scene (maybe in Dota 2?)", "BAM. All we need is a Warcraft 4 now.", "we just wait for dota 2 to release the map editor, then we make an rts and the circle is finally complete", "I wish they'd make a new warcraft multiplayer game. Like warcraft 5 without the campaign. I loved Reign of Chaos and Frozen Throne. Nothing better than uprooting your trees and invading a base with your own.", "Loved the custom RPG maps. So many hours spent on that game.", "X-Wing.  Still my favorite of all time", "I still don't understand why a modern version of those starfighter games hasn't been made.  Blows my mind.", "OMG the old Lucas Arts Star Wars games were awesome. Dark Forces was my first FPS. ", "BF1942 ", "So many good memories...CTF on El Alamein probably my favorite", "ENEMY BOAT SPOTTED", "Desert combat mod as well!", "Carrier sniping and drawn out dogfights on Coral Sea", "Aw yiss.  In a time when people were still gushing over the sandbox play of GTAIII, I was all, \"Yeah, but can you SAIL AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER?!\"  And fly off it.  With a buddy.  And swim. \n\nMine went BF1942 addiction &gt; BFV &gt; BF2 &gt; BF2142 &gt; BFBC2 (yeah, I skipped one, I guess :P).\n\nSigh... BF will be my single best memory of the noughties.  I regret nothing.", "Dungeon Keeper II .. most outright fun :)", "Original DK was my all-time fave.\n\nI didn't like the game mechanic of the horned reaper in DKII where you couldn't just have him as a normal monster.\n\nNothing beat possessing an imp and making him work about 3 times as fast because you were driving :)\n\n", "Apart from Dungeon Keeper, obviously.", "Broodwar.  Best competitive RTS game ever made!", "I simply cannot believe I had to scroll down this far to find this.\n\nPeople are raving about the WC3 map maker... did no one play Use Map Settings maps on bnet? 12 years later I still log on most days to see if I can get a game or two together.\n\nNot only that, but the main game is the most precisely balanced and well-paced RTS ever.\n\nAnd the music is baller as fuck. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRDrhg6GIzw&amp;list=PL950B6B72D046D432\n\nAnd the proscene was amazing. No game has a higher skill ceiling. SC2 looks like a child's game by comparison. But a high level player with a hot hand made engagements look amazing.\n\nIt was revolutionary: no other game had done 3 races that were so different and managed to make a worthwhile product.\n\nJust an amazing game.", "Yes! Use Map Settings maps were the greatest on SC1. I would always play the Diplo games, and Zombies Europa. I remember another user I knew completely remade Resident Evil 1 in a custom map! Ah, nostalgia.", "This guy know what he's fucking talking about.  \n\nNo game has ever matched the skill ceiling and depth of BW.  SC2 is a disgrace in comparison.", "Homeworld. Still the only game that is a RTS and 3D.", "With a touching strory + cataclysm", "Adagio for Strings. Still gives me goosebump when I think about that song playing at the beginning of HW1...", "I loved that game, but it was soooo long ago. Dare I play it again? And how would I do that?", "Agreed. It is great. I just started playing through homeworld 2 again. That art style is just something you don't find in modern games. Still looks sleek today.", "You mean grand theft: starship. \n\nBy the time I got to the final battle I had something like 300 ion beam frigates. I melted the emperor's mothership in like 2 seconds.\n", "\"Mothership\". \n\nYou have just read this in her voice :)", "Morrowind, Skyrim, Starcraft, Diablo 1, Diablo 2\n\nIf I had to pick one? Morrowind... or D2... or Starcraft... ^^it's ^^impossible...", "Morrowind. Definitely Morrowind.", "There was something about Morrowind - I mean, I loved killing dragons in Skyrim, but Morrowind was just amazing. I mean, becoming a god and then being able to kill one, just, awesome. I have never felt so immersed in a game before or since.", "For me, I think it's that Morrowind is more of an \"alien\" landscape with creatures I'd never seen or heard of (With the exception of Bloodmoon - I wasn't all that thrilled with that expansion), which made it easier to get engrossed in Morrowind. Oblivion and Skyrim are more \"traditional\" fantasy settings, and while I like both of them, I just don't get sucked in as much as I did with Morrowind. \n\nI suspect the fast travel in Oblivion and Skyrim is also part of this. When you're forced to trek through the wilderness to the next stilt strider and experience everything that's on the way, it's a lot easier to appreciate the depth and complexity than when you're just like \"Oh, I'll fast travel here, kill this thing, fast travel back\" blah blah blah.", "I am not sure how much the alien landscape helped the immersion, but it was definitely interesting. \n\nBut you are so right on the Fast Travel. At first, it is not a big deal, but when you get to a point where you can more really quickly around the map and encounter almost nothing along the way it does break the immersion a bit - skyrim especially after about half way into the guild quests you are sort of just zooming around the map a lot, not actually feeling part of the world.", "I think for me the alien landscape helped with immersion just because I've played a ton of games set in more traditional fantasy settings, but Morrowind was unique, and that helped me to get engrossed in the world without comparing it to other games in similar settings, since there are no games that were in similar settings.", "The world of Morrowind had a deep and rich soul. It didn't feel empty. You started as a weak prisoner and had the potential to become a God.\n\nI know it's corny, but Morrowind had an exciting aura of adventure about it.\n\nOblivion and Skyrim (while decent games in their own right) just didn't have the same feel. It was as though they were missing a crucial element. They felt fake.\n\nI couldn't immerse myself in them in the same manner I could with Morrowind. I didn't feel weak, I didn't feel like a pitiful being and I didn't feel like a God.\n\nI think it's a cross between story writing and game development.\n\nUnfortunately the current market (generally) sacrifices story for 'streamlined' gameplay. Which equates to a lowest common denominator effect on new titles being dumbed down in both their story telling and game play execution.\n\nBut we know that already.", "I mean, it's kind of interesting, all three games have you starting weak and as a prisoner of one kind or another. It's an elder scrolls thing. But I would love for someone to really explain why Morrowind is so much more immersive. I mean, yes there is that God bit, but it was just the way the whole thing was structured felt unique, wheras Oblivion, and to lesser extent Skyrim, failed to hide that basic mechanic of \"go over there, kill/fetch something, come back\". Maybe I was just younger, but after about the 50th mushroom covered stone dungeon in Skyrim, I was getting really bored. I mean, the dungeons like the ancient temples or the sanctuary made it worth it to keep exploring, but still. ", "Well, it helped immensely that Morrowind didn't transparently scale the content to your level.  Despite being a weak prisoner at the start of Oblivion and Skyrim, you never *feel* weak because the world changes to accommodate your weakness.  Morrowind did this to a lesser degree, hid it better, and there were still areas in that game that would just flat out murder a low level character.", "and Diablo 2. Definitely Diablo 2... and definitely Starcraft, too...", "MORROWIND, YOU N'WAHS!", "I love just trying to imitate that flawed yet beautiful raspy voice of the Dunmer's. It really is that cool. Also, I recently learned that groups of modders are recreating **both** Skyrim and Cyrodil and putting them into the game. I can't get enough. I doubt it will ever get tiring.\n\nI think I described this game well enough to my friend: So, you start off, and you play a little. You discover two towns and then restart. Repeat about 5+ times. Find a class you like. Get farther into the game, get excited. Proceed to get this far and restart about 3 times. THEN you make another character, complete the game, use mods, and start again. Yet this time, you play with a complete different personality. Repeat this step until time ends.\n\nThere you go!", "That's exactly it! I mean the replay value is shared amongst all the ES games, but Morrowind was my first and it has the most nostalgia. I'm not sure which one has the biggest modding community these days, but MW has always been brilliant in that regard.", "Supreme Commander. Oh dear god I love that game to death.", "Only problem with that game was it dies of lag if you are skirmishing with a few computer players. Best RTS controls and economy systems out there.", "All RTS games need strategic zoom. It is so useful and such a novel idea. ", "Oh god yea and the ability to que build an entire base. My favorite part of that game was just building endlessly and turtling across the map until my artillery could pummel the enemy into dust.", "*Planescape Torment* That game is amazing probably played through it 10 times.", "Argh, I curse the day my save file got deleted.. bought it on GOG and it somehow got deleted out of the blue..........", "That ending, just, I just... my mind is still blown 10 years later.", "\"don't let it end like this...\"", "Ultima Online.", "up vote, yes, the best in its prime.", "You can't really explain UO to people who never played it, the best Analogy that I could ever come up with was... you ever hear how the Old West was well when you stepped out of town that was basically UO, no law whatsoever... the scarest thing however was a naked guy except for a cloak running at you yelling Corp Por! That was a game that made your heart pump when you were close to dying as it really is the only game that would penalize you by making everything you had able to be taken away from you.", "came for this, didn't take long to see it. good.", "Star Wars Galaxies, wasted my whole social life on that game through middle and high school.\n\nOther than MMOs mine was definitely Rome Total war.", "No words can describe what it was like to live in that game.   Swear I only discovered maybe half of the mechanics in all of 3 years of playing it.  ", "RIP Starwards Galaxies. I once had a Master Creature handler on the Bloodfin Server. Then the Combat Update happened, and there was no longer a Creature Handler class along with a lot of classes what made the game great. One of the most disappointing days of my life. \n\nThere is currently an effort to bring the game back. It's called SWG EMU, I check in every now and then, but I still believe they aren't anywhere close to making it like the original. ", "**Fallout 2.**\n\nAre you kidding me? I fell so deep into that game that I'm sure it changed a deep, fundamental part of my being.", "KOTOR all the way! ", "Caesar III or Command &amp; Conquer Generals Zero Hour [I know you asked for one but I couldn't pick]\n", "I still play C3 today. Really love it. My non-exclusive fav is Mass Effect. God what a game, I get chills just remembering.", "C3 is one of the best city sims ever made. C4 was good, but it just wasn't the same...", "Oh Caesar III was wonderful!", "Caesar 3 is one of my go-to games that I can play yearly. Shame that C4 was so bad.", "Generals was really great, should try Caesar 3, haven't played it I think. I have played Caesar 2 I believe tho. ", "Age of Empires 2: The Conquerors Expansion", "Mayans rock", "Fuck yes, spam Plumed Archers all day ", "First person shooters: Half-Life and its successor games. \n\nThird person: The Jedi Knight series. \n\nRTS: Sacrifice\n\nRPG: Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic\n\nMultiplayer: Tribes 2", "Fuck yeah I still play Sacrifice.  One of the most underrated games ever.  I would KILL for a modern remake.", "&gt; Multiplayer: Tribes 2\n\nHellz yeah. Tribes 1 for me.\n\nOne of the first games (if not the first) with seamless indoor/outdoor transitions. First FPS game with jetpacks, introducing a third dimension of movement, making traditional ground'n'pound boring. The \"skiing glitch\" made for the fastest game-play I'd ever seen. Fantastic net-code allowed for 32+ player on-line action. The list goes on.\n\nThat game got me **hooked** for 5+ years. Hardcore.", "Was skiing actually a glitch? That was the best part about the game.\n\nAlso, SHAZBOT!!", "Endless memories from Tribes 2 Construction servers. I played that game for years as other people moved on.", "Civ 4 with Beyond the Swords Expansion has to be it.", "Civ 2 was pretty good too.  That is why I had no life in high school.", "Pretty close to a perfect game imo.", "Still better than Civ V too.", "Not for me; Civ V BNW has surpased it, genuinely; I just love the one unit per tile mechanic. The big issue though is the weak AI, but that was an issue on civ IV too. I still have great fondness for CIV IV though, especially with regards to the modding community, with mod expansions like Fall from Heaven making the game astounding.", "Civ V BNW has surpassed it, only marginally in my opinion however. But the part they still have not, nor will they, is the modding scene, or total conversions. The fact that there is no Fall from Heaven, Rhyes and Fall of Civilization, Sword of Islam, RFC: Europe etc mods for Civ V goes to show the durability of the game, in my opinion. I still play Civ IV more than Civ V, but only because of: mods. ", "I personally like the hexagon shape WAY more than the old square shape. However I really miss the government types from civ 4 and before:(. They're both really good and really fun, just in different ways.", "If we could keep cIV and add hexagon map tiles.. I would be *so* happy.", "The hexagon is great, one unit per tile was needed, and religion/espionage/UN additions are great. I still get a little confused about just how to use culture, since I've never come close to getting a cultural victory through tourism. I just use it to bump up my social policies.", "Creating great works attracts tourism.", "This. My friend and I logged five hundred hours on hot seat.\n\nSo much more strategy, you're timing wonders, optimizing cities, tweaking macro. AND THE UNITS. I understand wanting to get rid of the 'giant- stack of doom' problem but getting rid of unit stacking overall...\n\nAlso removing health and corporations, WHAT?", "The Curse of Monkey Island (Monkey Island 3)", "That whole series is the shit.\n", "The Command and Conquer Red Alert series is fantastic, my favourite being Red Alert 2. The missions were just fantastic and I must have played the scenarios dozens of times over the years. Went through a phase of trying to see how quickly I could complete each mission, then a phase of making sure I killed every single enemy unit etc\n\nTalking about it makes me want to fire it up again and come up with a new personal objective...", "Yeah red alert 3 was uhhh.... great ^^^tits", "Ultima Online, what you know 'bout that?", "I know it was amazing in its day", "Rome Total War", "Master of Orion 2", "Ion Pulse Cannon -&gt; Plasma Cannon -&gt; Win", "pfft, beam weapon democracy creative queers.    Missile, tolerant, unification stomp puny weaklings.", "When can we get an iOS port of that game? My productivity would plummet ", "YES! \n\nAlso Lemmings.", "World of Warcraft. Say about it what you will but it was/is extremely fun.", "Bc was best pve addon and wotlk best pvp addon for me. Awesome game. I stoped playing when the cata prepatch came out. I played throne of thunder but it wasnt as good as the old content", "Never understood why people say BC was the best content wise for PvE, sure the fights were fun tough and engaging however the gating system left a lot to be desired in terms of getting an alt up to also get things done. Personally I felt Wrath was the best mainly due to Ulduar being their best Dungeon imho, TotC was shit but ICC was pretty good, Naxx was a joke but Maly and Sanctum were interesting as well.", "i played wc3 for a long time. the bc content was fun to play with illidan and Kael'thas and so on. i was young and dindt play compentetivly so i enjoed it the most. i think wotlk was the best compentetivly", "I never enjoyed an MMO more. I got into it like a year after it came out, but I specifically bought that desktop to play it, and started on a 19\" screen. Can't imagine what it would have been like experiencing all of it on a 24 or 30\" monitor now. \n\nThat sense of exploration...leaving the starting forest area to the west (Westfall?) and realizing just HOW big the map and world were....it was just so much fun.", "System Shock II.\n\nThe creepiness.  The atmosphere.  The AI (in both senses).  The story.", "God, I forgot about that one...", "How do you feel about the bioshock series? Just curious, since Bioshock and B:I are from the same creative team and are arguably spiritual successors to System Shock II.", "Yup. My favourite game on the PC by some margin. Plus the reveal half way through is unforgettable. Hopefully a System Shock 3 will surface at some point. Bioshock is good but nothing compares to SHODAN. ", "*discreetly puts away SHODAN/GLaDOS fanfic*\n", "So far the Mount and Blade series has been my favorite. dem mods..", "Blood and Steel mod is damn amazing. I love taking down a whole army by myself.", "How is M&amp;B compared to Chivalry? I absolutely love Chivalry. However, I had originally been interested in M&amp;B but I decided to hop on the Chiv sale.", "Alpha Centauri.  Played it as a demo included with a PC Magazine when it first came out, and I still play it to this day.  Would love to see this made into a tv series.", "Kings Quest. \n\nAny of them. All of them. I love them so much. \n\nEDIT: Bullshit to those who say they beat KG V with no help. You mean you kept that GOD DAMN PIE for 3/4 of the game without eating it and used it to throw in a Yeti's face? IDontBelieveYou.gif", "I only had King's Quest VI, but I put so much time into that game.  Fucking catacombs....", "Considered one of the greatest point-and-click adventures ever. The puzzles were quite innovative. The story was great. My favourite of the series.", "The best part was installing Heir today, Gone Tomorrow using its dozen and a half floppy disks. The good days. ", "I played Kings Quest V when I was little and replayed it recently. There's no way to win that game without cheating. Fun, but poor design.", "Really? I spent a lot of time on KQ V when I was little. That's the only one I've legitimately beat besides the first one. It is pretty tricky though. I think #3 is downright impossible.", "The desert, gosh the desert is impossible without dying a lot and mapping it all out. (Or using a walkthrough). Tons of fun though! Loved the artwork", "This was my childhood.", "Yep, I was waiting for someone to mention these ones.  I think King's Quest V was my favorite.  The graphics were state-of-the-art.  I would spend hours and hours playing it.  And the for the next one, I ended up using a walkthrough for like half of it.", "Did you get to play the (free) vga remakes for I, II and III? There was also an unfinished series called The Silver Lining, featuring King Graham's family. 4 episodes were released, the 5th one was cancelled.", "TIE Fighter.\nNeverwinter Nights.", "TIE Fighter! It's still playable in DOS-box but god I whish they would produce a sequel in the spirit of the old X-Wing and Tie Fighter games! Like same controlls and mechanics, just up to date graphics and sound.", "I have played a heavily modded XWA a few times over the years.  Looks great on my media center, but yeah, I'd pay good money for an up to date TIE Fighter style game.", "Didn't like XWA too much. I mean it's good but the whole family business thing was kind of boring (most of the times). But I'm still curious: what mods did you use?", "Freespace I and/or II!!\n\n*Fanstastic* successor to the old TIE Fighter/XWing games.\n\nWing Commander IV was pretty good also, and had movie-grade (at the time) cinematics, a decently star-studded cast, and almost sandbox endings", "Neverwinter Nights still rocks, there are still several online servers that you can join. Good ones.", "I'd do some crazy shit for a worthy successor to the Neverwinter Nights series. ", "Warcraft 2 and Dune 2 were and are my favorites.\nAlso enjoyed Z (and Heroes 3 of course). ;)", "[Dune 2 Free](http://play-dune.com/)\n\nMan i had a nostalgia kick a few months ago. Still working on finishing Ordos.", "The full Dune 2 game is a free droid app.", "[Chuck Yeager Air Combat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnUtoh-u4gA)", "My god... i remember...", "Putting yourself in the F-4 Phantom and giving the enemy 20 Zeroes + 10 B-52s just to see if you could take them all on.\n\nYea.  I miss this game.", "Holy shit.  Ain't nothing like going against an ass load of b17s in an f4, god I miss that game. You bought the farm.  USNF was another good one, carrier launches/landings were awesome.", "Roller Coaster Tycoon series, Locomotion, and Majesty.", "Half-Life 1", "so many great mods", "My dad STILL plays this game. This and Age of Empires 3 every single day.", "wow, he's exactly like me then, I love both of those games. AoE 3 is under rated, it's a really good RTS, with still really decent graphical fatality.", "Quake, because I had a voodoo and my friends didn't ;p\n\nBTW HOMM3 was awesome.", "King's Quest and Unreal Tourney '04.", "Definitely Command and Conquer Tiberian Sun.  I remember leaving one enemy building on the map for hours as my brother and I would build elaborate bases before finally finishing the level.", "me and my brother would do the same thing. literal cities of gates walls and tiberium silos. so much fun!", "The original Red Alert. even though I'd played many games before and since this is the game that defined my youth. After all these years I can still dream the soundtrack. This is the game that made me decide I wanted to become a gamer ", "Blood. Doom can call me when you get to kill people with sticks of dynamite and voodoo dolls.\n\nAlso, is Diablo 2 worth getting into in this day and age? I've heard a LOT of praise about it, but always assumed it was kind of dead. The ladder reset is convincing me otherwise, though.", "it is not dead, but it is also not as popular as it used to be.  get a couple of friends together and play through it over bnet.  you will not regret it, the game is a highly praised classic for a reason. ", "Runescape, the old one before they added all the new stuff. I played that game way too much. Then after that WoW is an easy second.", "Dungeon Keeper - Hands down the best game i've ever played.", "Twinsen's Odyssey", "Most fun I have ever had playing a game, took me years to beat it and is responsible for some of my fondest memories. Amazing storyline, difficult puzzles I would sometimes spend weeks trying to get past, but never getting bored. Hugely climactic, and when it was over I definitely cried a little. Listen to the [soundtrack](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i8FvLNZC8U&amp;list=PLbI5lE45yPrMbUz4ZxUAqhxvNnzCFGWiA) for instant nostalgia.\n\nLost my disc, and recently bought both this game and its prequel for like 3 bucks from gog.com and am halfway through it", "Do you still have to run it thru DOS? I seem to remember that's what OS it used...", "It's sad to see such little love for this game.  It had an amazing soundtrack, great gameplay, a GREAT story, and pretty good graphics for its time.  I have probably done at at least a dozen playthroughs between Twinsen's Odyssey and Relentless (LBA1) over time.", "! \nRelentless was even better, IMHO, I just couldn't remember its name.", "Age of Empire 2\n\nCeasar 3\n\nLords of Magic\n\nCivilization 3\n\nSpent so much time playing all those games, it's hard to choose!", "CTRL + F \"Lords of Magic\", was not disappointed", "C&amp;C Renegade.  My favorite by far.", "\"I've got a present for ya\"", "The whole fallout series was amazing..fallout, fallout 2 and fallout tactics are all classics in their own way", "Heroes 3 also has a fan-made expansion pack released for it, allowing some custom scripting not possible in the base game or after all official expansion packs are installed.", "Yeah, it's called \"In The Wake Of Gods\" or WoG for short. It's great, but can be a little buggy. Really sweet for LAN sessions, if you all know the ins-and-outs of the mod. Can't link you to a download, I'm on my phone.", "Sim City 4 + Network Addon Mod + Colossus Addon Mod + Thousands of buildings.\n", "My favourite PC game has got to be Descent 3  \n(sorry its not an old top down strategy game like every other game on this thread)", "That series was great. Definitely a close runner up on my list.", "Diablo II, nothing comes even close.", "Might and Magic II ... I love love love that game", "Definitely **Morrowind**. The idea of free roaming a world and taking anything you want from any shelf or person was mind blowing.\n\nAlso, **Duke Nukem 3D and the build editor**.  As a kid, this was the greatest thing ever in terms of a gritty but comical FPS parody that ended up being a total blast.  Editing my own levels is what founded the love for that game.\n\nI also have a pretty vivid memory of the shining moment upon my first play of **the** **first GTA**.", "I made so many maps, and even had a really popular one...Diehard2", "It was pretty interesting to have the entire development tool at your fingertips in a tiny dos package (aside from the whopping 40MB program install).  Making multiple overlapping floors was an absolute nightmare though.", "Planescape: Torment. ", "The Original Majesty and its expansion. The sequel just doesn't live up to the original.", "Master of Magic", "HoMM3 is amazing. Make sure you grab the HD patch (it works on the version from Gog, not sure about the original as I lost my discs). \n\nAs for Favorite PC game, I've probably put more hours into Starcraft 1 than anything else. ", "Empire Earth and CS 1.6. Source was ok too.", "Ah yes, many a hour on Empire Earth", "I played the crap out of Sid Meier Alpha Centauri. I still hold hope for a remake of it. It was really well balanced imo, and the witty writing just made it enjoyable to play.", "Guild Wars (1)", "Quake 1. Clanring. ", "[Might and Magic VII: For Blood and Honor](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0b/MightAndMagic7Box.jpg)", "Fucking loved that game! When I was younger, the difficulty was rather high but after tackling it for a while with a friend, we did progress through the whole thing!", "I could never get into Blood and Honor, but Mandate of Heaven. My god, I love that game. Just recently finished it again with the GOG version. \n\nEdit: If you liked the card came in VII (which was my favorite part) you can get it for android. Archmage, on the Play store.", "Age Of Empires", "Heroes III and all of the expansions were amazing.  My favorite PC game of all time, next to minesweeper.  I don't play many PC games. ", "I'm the sort of guy that buys a game a month maybe two. I played dota 2 for the first time 6 months ago having never played a moba (or really any pc game that requires micro skills as I've only ever played football manager on pc) I haven't bought a game since and can't see me buying one for a while, I just can't see the point when I have the perfect game for me. ", "Rise of Nations. My all time favourite strategy game on the PC. ", "It's hard for me to pinpoint just one PC game and even trying to break it down by genre it gets complicated. \nRPG: Any Infinity Engine game(BG, IWD, Fallout, Torment)\nFPS: HalfLife with a nod to Crysis\nRTS: WC3, Red Alert2 or AoE2 in any order you choose\nSim: CombatSim2\n\nI'll say that every other PC game falls very far behind that list of games for me. When I build a new PC one of the first things I do is install all those games or ensure the previous install is up and running. ", "Warcraft 3 Frozen Throne and Starcraft Brood War are tied for first while CS:S follows up in third", "http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6a/MystCover.png\nNothing will ever compare.", "I'm sure I have exponentially more hours logged on Quake III than any other game.", "[Icewind Dale 2](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icewind_Dale_II)\n\nThat game murdered so many hours of my life. Six characters that you can make from scratch AND have full access to them, build every single one of them the way you want! Current generation games barely gives you customization to one character, let alone a full party.", "Planescape: Torment.   Still the best writing of any game I've played, and it's some of the best fantasy writing ever really.", "Definitely one of my favorites. :)", "Yeeeeeeeesss, I love this game. Did you play the complete version? http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition\n\nMy favorite PC game is either Civilization IV or Pharaoh.", "God I loved Pharaoh, I'm still hoping for a spiritual successor. ", "Descent.  I was never a PC gamer, but that was the game of my childhood. That and Mario Teaches Typing. I'm a boss at typing now. ", "Everquest", "Ever Quest, I played this for 6 years\n", "Thief 2; still the greatest stealth game ever made.", "Thief: The Dark Project (thief 1) was MUCH better!\n\nBetter ambient soundtrack, better atmosphere, one of the most compelling story lines I've ever seen and intense gameplay.\n\nThief 2 is good, just not as good as 1.", "Both games are great in their own right but they are both very similar in quality.  I simply rank Thief 2 higher because of the fact that it improves and expands on what Thief 1 presented.  Also, I'm sorry but the level design in Thief 2 was a HUGE improvement over Thief 1.", "Lands of lore, throne of chaos!", "Half life 2 ", "Might be a pretty boring answer, but I never get tired of Minecraft. My PC is pretty shitty, but it runs it fine, so it's one of a few games I can actually run on it.", "Deus Ex and Little Big Adventure 2. Can't imagine better games.", "I couldn't really narrow it down as I played a lot of these three,\n\n* Diablo II\n* Warcraft 2\n* Starcraft", "all of blizzard", "Unreal Tournament 2004 - Still playing it.", "INTERSTATE 76!", "Worms by Team 17. Man. Good times... I bet many people here don't even know what it is.", "Come on man you're in r/gaming. Everyone knows Worms :P", "MS paint", "I used to use ms paint to make \"maps\" for games that I would like to make. I still do, but now I use GIMP, because layers bitch.\n\nPs. In case I wasn't clear enough, I use the layers to plot out terrain, population, wealth, road maps, buildings, and even subway systems, all into one picture, it looks confusing to the untrained eye but it makes perfect sense to me.", "HoMM is great, I'm actually replaying NWN 1 right now. ", "I liked Heroes of Might and Magic II.", "Same here, i even found an ios port when i owned an ipod touch. It was a bitch to play on such a tiny screen, but it was still fun. I should dig out that game.", "[Castles: Siege and Conquest](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmlMHSXr3kc) The video does not even get to the good part where you can [build](http://eager.back2roots.org/SSHOT/C/castles2.png) and [siege](http://www.allvideo.org/pictures/castles/castles2_screenshot2.jpg) (hence the name)", "Heroes 3 as well, Europa Universalis series and Minesweeper.", "Empire earth 2 all the way,if you liked age of empires, you will love this game so much. (Empire earth 3 was shit though)\n", "Diablo II hands down my favorite game of all time still. WoW Vanilla is right after that.", "Pajama Sam mutha fuckas", "The Battle for Middle Earth 2.  ", "Red Alert 2", "[I may like my Kerbal Space Program a little too much.](http://imgur.com/a/cQ7JK)", "that and war thunder, right? :P\nboth of these are my favorite two games right now", "I literally just bought this again. Really great game", "Ultima VI. I was in middle school, just happened to get this game that my \"PC compatible\" was barely able to play, and it was awesome. I could sit there 6+ hours straight and never get tired.", "The first Command and Conquer.", "A little known game called [Hype the Time Quest](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hype:_The_Time_Quest). I used to play it as a child and still enjoy it today. It never sold very well, probably due to the fact that people were turned off by a playmobil game, but it actually had a great story line. You can travel through time to complete various quests with the ultimate goal of returning to your own time and it's interesting to see characters start as a child, grow older and eventually die. I love the game but I've never met anyone else who's played it.", "Age of Empires 2. Up there since I was 9.", "Homeworld. Its an oldie and the replayability is not as high as some others but I don't think a game ever engulfed me like that one did. The music was a big part of it and when you consider when it was made, its a good contender.", "Heroes 2 baby!!! Love that seven lakes level", "Gothic 2 Night of the Raven...god that atmosphere.", "I enjoyed Star Wars -  Yoda Stories, the most. ", "Loved it. I still have the disc.", "[Red Alert 2: Yuri's Revenge](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090619112348/cnc/images/f/fc/CnCYR-Win-Cover.jpg)", "Fucking Age of Empires. Awwww yisssssss", "Are there any newer games that have recreated the heroes 3 experience for anyone? Nobody suggest the sequels, because they failed utterly at doing so.", "The Myth Series.", "Hell yes. And it's why Bungie was so quality years later. We need to see it come back.", "HOMM3...but C&amp;C Red Alert first got me going", "This. I still play this game.", "Yes, this game. 100% this game. Also you should try Might and magic duel of champions.", "AWWW SHIT, this game was the tits.", "Ultima 7. Such a great game.  I wish the series didn't go down hill after that though.", "GTA 2, my first contact with open world goodness.\n\n\n^^^^And ^^^^remember, ^^^^respect ^^^^is ^^^^everything.", "Magic: The Gathering, by Microprose. Not only my favorite PC game, but my favorite iteration of M:TG in video game form, hands down. \n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering_(MicroProse)", "Heroes III is my favourite pc game too!!! SO FREAKIN AWESOME!", "Candy Land / Freddi Fish 1-4. I replayed the fuck out of those games.", "Starcraft II. Second place would have to be dawn of war: dark crusade or AOE III. ", "Starwars galactic battlegrounds : Clone Campaign    ", "The Incredible Machine. ", "Protip to have an awesome time playing Heroes of Might and Magic 3 \n\n* [Buy Heroes 3 complete on gog.com](http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition)\n* [Download Game Ranger](http://www.gameranger.com/)\n* Acquire friends (this is hard mode for some people) and convince them to do the same.\n* Go to [Celestial Heavens and download some maps made by crazy/talented Russians](http://www.celestialheavens.com/viewpage.php?id=747)\n* Have a great fuckin' time playing one of the best turn based strategy games of all time. \n* Try not to get fired/divorced/poop in socks/starve to death\n* Hail GabeN", "Don't forget the widescreen mod!", "I loved [Might and Magic VI: The Mandate of Heaven.](http://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;docid=fOd-zoeM4nNm1M&amp;tbnid=kXhKxFATEO6aQM:&amp;ved=0CAgQjRwwAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FMight_and_Magic_VI%3A_The_Mandate_of_Heaven&amp;ei=6LuLUuHiO7O34AOC_YCoBg&amp;psig=AFQjCNGGn-I6f7h2PSGHzdURUY-2bx2_EQ&amp;ust=1384975721028571)  It was an RPG style game, versus the strategy kind of game you'd fine in Heroes.\n\nSo many fond memories. ", "Agreed, best in the series.\n", "Neverwinter Nights! the multiplayer was so great. god bless that toolset.", "[Tonka Construction](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih3u1rfn7Mw)", "Doom. with the star Wars mods. days of my life. as in 30 hour sessions. ", "Civilization III, my absolute favorite. Better than IV and V. Even with the dlc.", "Dragon Age + DA: origins.  That game was a masterpiece.", "Warcraft 2 The Dark Portal", "Heroes III can be downloaded at www.gog.com\n\nI still play it almost every day.\n\nSuch an amazing game.\n\n\nIt even comes with an expansion pack that allows for infinite level generator, endless combinations of scenarios!\n\n\nArch-Angels FTW", "Heroes of Might&amp;Magic 3 was amazing but don't you dare forget the expansion Armageddon's Blade. \n\nOmfg, Dragons! The first time in my life i played till 3am in the morning and got screamed at by my mum because it was so addictive(Was 13y old at the time). This is equal to 2 weeks of Civ5!", "I remember reading a review for Heroes of Might and Magic when I was younger.\n\n&gt;Heroes of Might and Magic? More like Heroes of Shite and Tragic.\n\n11 year old me laughed so hard at this for days.", "Taxmaster 2013", "Warcraft III, I still play the custom maps from time to time. DotA, Angel Arena, Warlocks, all the TDs, Escapes... so many fond memories from a single game", "By what metric is this being measured?  If it's time played, then according to Steam and memory it would be:\n\n* World of Warcraft (3 years sober now)\n\n* Civ V\n\n* Terraria\n\nIf it's just what I found the most pleasurable to play, though may not have the most time sunk into it, I'd probably say the Mass Effect Trilogy.", "The most?  Hard choice.  I always replay Ultima Underworld 1 &amp; 2 every few years.  As of 2016 I will have been playing Daggerfall for 20 years.  I've logged hundreds of hours into each new iteration of Civilization.  Hard choice.", "I've mentioned this on other Heroes3 posts, but if you loved heroes 3, download the user made overhaul mod called Wake of Gods. It completely changes the game and gives you SO MANY options to fine tune the game to your liking. I highly recommend this game MOD!\n\nHere's a link to the site (yes it looks shitty)\nhttp://www.strategyplanet.com/homm/wog/", "Ultima Online. ", "Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy. Played that game online for like 7 years.", "Heroes of Might and Magic VII", "Mine was Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines. I'm not quite sure why. Maybe it was the Half-Life 2 graphics. Maybe it was the vampires (I do enjoy their lore). Or maybe it was taking control of a character in what appeared to be (but was ultimately not) a somewhat open-world. I still play that game frequently, even though it was broken at launch, and up until a few years ago.\n\nThe humor, violence, and RPG elements made that game fascinating, and I've replayed it multiple times, with different characters. Try playing as the Malkavians. They are crazy and their dialog choices can devolve in to a bunch of non-sequitors. It's amazing. I wish that they were still making games, I keep dreaming of a sequel. ", "A bit obscure, but it was my first MMO. I played on dialup. Most unique MMO I've ever played.\n\nAsheron's Call", "Never played it myself but I am surprised I don't hear more people talk about it.\n\nIt was huge.", "Ultima Online", "No One Lives Forever. It was my introduction to the stealth shooter, and god I loved it. Its gameplay was intense (for 2000), the levels had great details (hidden alternate routes, etc), and the humorous conversations between enemy guards always made my day. ", "Divine Divinity! The game i played through the most and i could find something new EVERY time. SUCH a good game. and theres going to be a new one from larian-studios. Sooooo excited :)", "Ok, I'll age myself...XCom-UFO Defense, Neuromancer (With the  DEVO Soundtrack!) and the first Might and Magic", "Can't choose between Counterstrike 1.6, Tribes 2/Vengeance, or Warcraft 3....\n\nEDIT: Added the Tribes games. I just can't choose! I put so many hours into all these games.", "Mafia. The best gaming atmosphe and so much details.\n", "Command and Conquer. Pretty much the whole franchise, but the first one most of all. I spent so many hours on that game as a kid.\n\nTheme Hospital was pretty good too!", "Escape Velocity (EV Nova)", "Almost no games have recaptured the magic of WarCraft 2, Age of Empires 1 &amp; 2, and Half-Life/CS for me. Brood War, C&amp;C Generals, Homeworld and Unreal Tournament were high up there as well.", "Roller Coaster Tycoon", "I still play the original XCOM at least annually.", "Roller Coaster Tycoon", "Most enjoyed: Anachronox.\n\nMost played: original UFO: Enemy Unknown (X-COM: UFO Defense in North America).", "Grim Fandango was amazing", "Anyone remember Syndicate?\n", "Roller Coaster Tycoon", "Close Combat: A Bridge Too Far", "Command and conquer:red alert two", "Ultima Online - before trammel", "Tie between Betrayal at Krondor and Starcontrol II.", "Command &amp; Conquer: Tiberian Sun  \n\nWithout a doubt my favorite game ever.  \nFollowing that would be RA2:YR.  \nIncredible engines and immersive gameplay.    \n  \nEDIT:  \nIf you enjoy games like those I listed and have programming knowledge (or care to learn) checkout [OpenRA](https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA) and /r/OpenRA (the GitHub is much more active currently).  \nFeel free to contribute, especially if you can bring us closer to a working Tiberian Sun mod.", "way back to dos games, I loved Zork, HHGTG, then Twinsen's Adventure , and Crusader I remember these being amazing.", "Maybe I'm just really weird, but I love corporate strategy games. My favorite is Chris Sawyer's \"Locomotion\" - a transport tycoon style game. ", "All strategy games huh? Way to go reddit. \n\nCast my vote for Total Annihilation. Loved that game when I was younger. Sup Com isn't the same for me. Haven't checked out Planetary Annihilation yet. \n\nNever really got into AOE 2. Was alright in multiplayer but I so preferred starcraft and TA.", "The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind", "this game is where I get my poorly spelled name.", "Does anyone have a download link for HOMM 3? I can't find my CD :(", "Just when I thought I got away from this game... you HAD to post it.. Now I must go home and reinstall it and play it for ~~hours~~ ~~days~~ ~~weeks~~ months THANKS.", "I love heroes I grew up on ot but if I had to pick another game it would be dungeon keeper 2. I wish I had a PC to play these old games with but the the tragedy of being a broke college student", "I lost a year to Diablo.", "Heroes is the shizzleee!!", "Of all time?\n\nThat's amazingly tough.  I'd have to give a nod to Frontier:  Elite II.  It's the game that got me into PC gaming ages ago.", "Warhammer 40K: Chaos Gate", "Anyone know of a way to get this working on a mac? ", "Great game, same with diablo 2, and all of age of empires (besdies 1), HNG! ", "not sure, propably xcom apocalypse or dungeon keeper 2", "This game and it's expansions are incredible! Finally someone who understands! I've been tracking the heroes series down for years. Incredible game.", "There are many.  Civilization, XCom, Indiana Jones Atlantis, Age of Empires, but number one has to be Operation Flashpoint.  Hideous controls and graphics by today's standards (even for the time), but the combination of massive environments, a huge arsenol of weapons and vehicles, and the ability to easily build custom missions and MP scenarios, with the great competitive multiplayer community was huge at the time.  There was nothing like it.  ", "I was a big Starcraft/Warcraft guy I loved those games"]["This site has all the games mentioned in the comments here and more available free!\n\nhttp://www.myabandonware.com/\n\nEnjoy!", "Also if you want to play online via Java Window with NO download\n\n\nMidnight Rescue http://www.xtdos.com/game.php?id=254\n\nGizmos and Gadgets http://www.xtdos.com/game.php?id=1357\n\nTreasure Mountain http://www.xtdos.com/game.php?id=1405\n\nOutNumbered http://www.xtdos.com/game.php?id=1359\n\n**NOTE: If the game does not support full-screen mode (ALT+TAB), you wont be able to use the TAB key for some games that require it(Midnight Rescue?)**\n\nfuck this site has everything\nWHAT UP!!\n****\nThis other site has more JAVA DOS games. \n\nAnyone Play this 1995 gem from Origin? Hardest game EVER\n\nBIOFORGE: http://gamesedition.com/b/bioforge.html", "I LOVE YOU.", "Yay I'm coming back here later", "baller.  going to get my midnight rescue on.  WHAAAAAA!", "You're amazing. Thank you!", "This is awesome, but the Tab button doesn't work.  WHY CAN'T I READ MY NOTES???", "Got all the clues and took all the pictures only to realize tab wasn't working. Such a let down :(", "what was the game that had the potato head, the lost sheep, etc", "Amazing.", "Commenting so I can find this treasure trove again later. Have my upvote! ", "I WILL BE BACK AFTER WORK.", "I'm gonna reply so I can easily find this comment later", "Thanks buddy.", "GIZMOS AND GADGETS!!!  OH GOD YES!!!", "Ancient Empires FTW http://www.xtdos.com/?p=738", "Tears in my eyes", "\"Fiberglass body, shaped like a rocket\"\n\nAWWWW SHIT, YOU'RE FUCKED NOW MORTY MAXWELL!!", ".", "saved", "&lt;3", "Yay", "Now if only there was a site like that where you could play all of those Humongous Entertainment games.", "Treasure Mountain was the best.  Wasn't the music In the Halls of the Mountain King where you hid all of your treasures?", "I just whooped Morty Maxwell's bitch ass in the soapbox race ", "oh my god its my childhood", "Tried to save your comment. \"Error: reddit gold required\".. :( ", "Holy shit when I was like 10 I used to play gizmos all the time at my school, completely forgot the name and been killing me the past couple years. Just want to say I love you for this lin, thanks so much ", "Commenting so I may come back to it . \n\nGood looking, internet stranger!", "Shit fucking shit yes", "You just made me save this thread. ", "Coming back later to play these games the rest of the night. ", "Saving for after class.", "Dear god yes", "thank you", "Commenting this to save this ", "AWWWWWWW YEAH!", "Thanks!", "saving this for later - many thanks\n", "my mouse keeps fucking up trying to play in browser :(", "This brings me right back to 4th grade.  Midnight madness scared the shit out of me for some reason.", "saved yo", "I loved these games! Operation Neptune was also one of my favorites", "Treasure cove i loved that shit", "THANK YOU!!!!  I don't know how much I played midnight rescue!  Best game EVER!!!  I can remember playing it as a kid and shrieking when the robots popped up, haha", "I... I love you :.)", "fuck yes.\n\nyou're doing God's work.", "Oh my god... =O thank youuuuu", "Recommendations on how to run this programs on Windows 7 64bit? Compatibility mode isn't working.", "Try [this] (http://dfendreloaded.sourceforge.net/).  I was getting inaccessible file type errors when i tried to run it, I DL'd that and linked the application file through it and Midnight Rescue was running perfectly.  ", "Blocked by firewall ATM, how does that site compare to abandonia.com?", "Damned, been looking for \"Pink Panther: Passport to peril\" for years but they don't seem to have it :(", "Aw man, I sorta missed this game! So, thanks a lot for the link! ^w^", "Thank you! All I'm missing is putt-putt, freddie the fish, fatty bear, backyard sports and pajama sam and that's my childhood.  ", "I have been looking for this for years. Thank. Omg I started to tear up ", "Oddly enough, I found that site on Google last night at about 4am and was pillaging all the old Apogee/iD stuff [gonna play some Keen tonight! w00t!]", "...... My feels.... Sooooo good", "My all time favourite in the series was Gizmos and Gadgets. I'd spend hours assembling my vehicles for the races. \n\nAlways had to find that cool dragon decal :P", "http://www.xtdos.com/game.php?id=1357\n\nEnjoy the drop in productivity!", "You have no idea what you have done.\nHave some fucking gold you magnificent fucker.", "Thank you good sir or madam!\n\n", "15 years.\n\n15 years since I last played this game. ", "Wow... Playing this now only makes me realize how stupid I was as a kid. I was intimidated by how all my friends could figure this game out... But that was mostly because they got to play them because they could finish their work faster... They were always this super-smart goal that I could never reach. Feels sorta good walking through it like all my old friends were retardedly slow as first-graders. But you know... I'm 26 now, so fuck them.", "what.have.you.done?", "I remember these from grade school, man talk about serious flashbacks, especially when I launched Treasure Cove. \nHave a gold man!", "Whew, it's blocked at my work.  Thanks for almost getting me fired for being completely unproductive!", "Same here. Thank you for me keeping my job firewall.", "YOU ARE THE BEST", "ERRMAGAWHD FUCK YOU NOW ILL BE PLAYING THAT ALL DAY AT WORK INSTEAD.", "I...I'm so happy.", "Oh snap they have Where In Time is Carmen San Diego! http://i.imgur.com/uBi2stL.gif", "Am I the only who can't play it because my Java is dumb as potato?", "I've spent years trying to find a way to play this game. Thank you!", "I think you caused the site to be hugged to death. Well done.", "Reddit hugs too hard", "Thanks for sending this!  I can introduce this to my GF's kid and he will play for hours :D", "On my mobile but this comment can save this for later time wasting\n\n", "Same", "I knew someone would post the link ive been seeking for the past 10 years", "I had stuff I needed to do today dammit!!", "I was king of Gizmos and Gadgets. Also the math game with the snow climbers.", "I think you mean this bad boy.\nhttp://imgur.com/XbTBFO0", "i have that one, but its on cd. must've been some sort of remake. i think my favourite besides gizmos and gadgets would have to be [this game](http://i.ebayimg.com/t/Learning-Company-Reader-Rabbits-2nd-Grade/00/$T2eC16FHJF4FFkk5MVVMBSHgQGUSJQ~~_35.JPG). different series, but the same company. played that well beyond its recommended age group just because it was a fun platformer.", "Anyone know what game this is? That was my favorite thing in elementary,  but I can't remember the name...", "YES!!!!\n\nTREASURE MATH STORM!!!!\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treasure_MathStorm!", "Treasure mountain wasn't it?\n\nEDIT: Treasure mathstorm, actually, the sequel to treasure mountain.", "Treasure Mathstorm. Those snow bullies sent four year old Mr screaming and running to my dad EVERY time. ", "Fuckyesdragondecal.", "YES!  that game is why i am an engineer today.", "Got to find the fiberglass body. Stupid boxes full of yet another wooden body that a 3rd grade boy scout could make.", "haha yeah i remember nothing about that game other than fiber glass being the key", "OH MY GOD, YES. I came here just to say my favorite was Gizmos and Gadgets, too! I gotta go find where I put that CD-ROM... =D", "Oh god, that game was legendary.  It was a flipping science education game, but the gameplay featured great customization and compelling platforming.\n\nI'm actually kinda terrified that the Super Seekers series still stands the test of time.  I'm also kinda depressed that all of these \"Educational Games\" suck donkey balls despite having such a shining example to follow.", "You know why it does? Its because the focus on making it fun rather than on the education material. ", "This game gave me a fundamental base for understanding circuits that I am now using to push my career along. THANK YOU GIZMOS AND GADGETS. ", "I just recently grabbed this for DOSbox and unintentionally spent over an hour playing it.", "I only ever got to play the reading and math one. ;A;", "I loved everything about the game except the sound of magnets coming together. When you only had PC speaker sound, and you played the game for hours on end, I'm pretty sure I was driven mad somewhere along the line.", "Windows 98 I miss thee. \n\n", "The first time I ever read the word \"fiberglass\" was because of Gizmos and Gadgets. I had no idea what it was and had to have my dad explain it to me, further confusing my 7 year-old brain.\n\nEventually I found out it was the lightest material you could use in the game (or something like that) and I never lost another race. Ahh nostalgia.", "When I was in 4th grade, our teacher would let the first student who finished their work (and got it all right) play Gizmos and Gadgets on the one computer we had in the classroom. Let's just say I was the fastest most correct student in the whole class and it was amazing.", "\"fiberglass body, shaped like a rocket\". Victory.", "Stars and stripes decal every time because Murica always comes in first!", "Hell fucking yes, what was this called again? I've been looking for it for ages.", "midnight rescue!", "Thank fucking you!\n\nThis has been bothering me for a few years now.\n\nEdit: also played the shit out of [Treasure Mountain](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfnWWIs4K1I) too.", "Gizmos &amp; Gadgets!", "Where the finest electric go carts were crafted ", "and gliders!", "Don't forget about Treasure Cove", "I recently re-downloaded this along with a DOS emulator and discover it's impossible to play without a HUGE smile on my face", "I remember this.", "Treasure Trove* Cove", "[Nope](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treasure_Cove!)", "Damn. I was thinking of Banjo Kazooie. Can't forget Operation Neptune though. ", "One kid beat treasure mountain in our class. Took him like three entire fucking years of thirty minute play sessions at the lab.", "Thats not the treasure mountain I remember...", "Good job Super Seeker!", "I fucking love you.", "The music in this game and the rediculous way the character walks were my favorite part... had this on a 386sx ibm iirc lol... im 30 now. Dang...memory lane.", "The music always gave me the chills", "And then that scary ass *Squeal squeal squeal* when the robot bastards try to sneak up on you. Ahh, good times.", "Then they'd slap the shit out of you! Fuck, Slender can kiss that game in the gooch.", "The song is \"In the Hall of the Mountain King\" by Grieg.\n\nA few months ago my friend asked me if I remembered the name of this game, and all I had to go on was that tune.", "I have been trying to remember the name of this game so I could get it for my son for two years. My parents didn't remember it and I had zero luck searching for it. Thank you so much!!!", "So many fucking years I've been trying to remember the name.  Thank you!!\n\n(double thanks for leading me to also rediscover Outnumbered, which I think I actually played more of)", "The music has been stuck in my head for nearly 2 decades. ", "\"In the Hall of the Mountain King\" by Grieg", "I love you for posting this, and I hate that goddamn Master of Mischeif.", "God damn this games old.  Do you remember treasure mountain, or even better yet that one where you had to run through the pyramids and you could shot laser beams out of your hat and dodge spiders and snakes? Someone please tell me the name of that game.", "The series itself was known as Super Solvers. The one that you're thinking of was called Ancient Empires.", "thanks so much, been trying to remember the name of this game for years!", "Yes!", "I guess I'm in the same boat as a lot of people. Thank you so much for posting this. For years I've tried to describe this game to people as best as I could, but nobody else remembered it! I was starting to feel like a crazy person. ", "Oh my god you are my savior. I've been wondering about this game for years! When I saw the title of your post I was thinking \"please please be that one I can never completely remember but loved\". \nAnd it was!\n\nI love you!", "Oh my god I haven't played this in AGES.  Thank you!", "I was trying to remember the name of this game as well, thank you!  Spent many hours playing this as a kid.  Having good deductive reasoning and problem solving skills are certainly a huge benefit and this game was just great for that.", "Jesus Christ thank you. I've also been wondering what was called, for years and years. YES.", "I played this game.\n\nI also played treasure mountain.\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfnWWIs4K1I", "treasure mountain was amazing!!! thank you for reconnecting me with a beautiful childhood memory", "what the heck??? is this the origin of that treasure mathstorm game i played in elementary school?", "are you talking about gizmos and gadgets?\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wei0C21LBNM", "I have the CD of treasure mountain sitting in my hallway closet. lol", "The 'Super Solvers' series was released by the Learning Company (Oregon Trail and others) in the late 80s and early 90s. You played as an unnamed detective in a gender-concealing jacket and ball cap, and would do battle against the evil Morty Maxwell.  The first three games (Outnumbered, Spellbound and Midnight Rescue...followed later by Gizmos and Gadgets) were designed for kids 7-10.  Later entries in the series (Treasuure Mountain, Treasure Cove) we're designed for a slightly younger audience of 5-9.\n\nHere are some links for downloads and more info:\n\nhttp://www.myabandonware.com/game/super-solvers-midnight-rescue-1r5\n\nhttp://www.myabandonware.com/game/super-solvers-outnumbered-115\n\nhttp://www.myabandonware.com/game/super-solvers-spellbound-1r7\n\nhttp://www.myabandonware.com/game/super-solvers-gizmos-gadgets-1r8\n\nhttp://www.myabandonware.com/game/super-solvers-treasure-mountain-s4", "I LOVED Learning Company games when I was in elementary school! One of my all time favorite series was called Cluefinders. They had games for specific grade levels, and I loved all of them. =D", "Wow my best friend and I used to play this game and Treasure Mountain religiously. \n\nMichael, if you're out there - I miss you man. Nothing will ever tarnish the memories I have of us. Our beach trip was awesome, all I want to do is at least continue gaming with you! Hang out a couple times a year, maybe blaze and jam on the strings... \n\nIf we could just move forward and keep the water under the bridge. Take care man\n\n-J", "Treasure mountain was amazing!  Props!", "This is it. This is the post I've been waiting for since the PC wave began to sweet through /r/gaming. \n\nI've been trying to remember this game for years. ", "So you guys played Reader Rabbit, Number Munchers, and Operation Neptune too? Back when floppy disks were actually floppy...", "Operation Neptune was boss, hard as nails at the end.", "Operation Neptune was my favorite of the genre.", "It's Reader Rabbit's happy daaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy!\n\nwith Reader Rabbit 3 todaaaaaayyyyy!\n\nTime to play!  READER RABBIT'S AWAKE AND READY TO START A BRAND NEW DAY!\n\nHappy news!  READER READS THE DAILY NEWS AND ASKS WHAT'S THE SCOOP, TODAAAAAYYYY\n\nALL RIIIIGHT!!! :D\n\n*cue mad trumpet solo*", "Oh my god I remember playing that in like kindergarten.\n\nEDIT: Wait, no, it was later than that. Point is, yes, I totally remember that game.", "What is this called?!!?!?! I have asked so many people for YEARS!\n\n**Edit**: I'm wrong. This is not the game. The game I'm thinking of has you putting together like mechanical puzzles and building cars and shit.", "[Gizmos &amp; Gadgets!](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gizmos_&amp;_Gadgets!)\n\nedit: ampersand and exclamation point :)", "Thank you!", "This is the game you are thinking of:\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gizmos_%26_Gadgets!", "Remember it! I was cleaning up my closet a couple of days ago and found the original box with all the original stuff inside!\n\n[Pictures](http://imgur.com/a/aqBl7)", "Wonders of the Ancients anyone?", "fuck yes.  I was trying to remember the name.  That was so awesome.  I remember it being legitimately difficult.  I don't think I  ever beat it.\n\nedit: it's Challenge of the Ancient Empires.  It's on xtdos.com.  I still remember the first level.  I am like, freebasing nostalgia right now.", "christ! I thought i was crazy. couldn't find the game ever and then boom here it is. only took several years to figure out. thanks stranger!", "-Treasure Mountain got me hooked\n\n-Treasure Mathstorm made me unable to go back to Mountain after getting used to the fast skiing\n\n-Midnight Rescue grabbed my inner detective more than any of the others\n\n-Spellbound felt like the Dark Sheep of the family due to less walk around parts but I still liked it\n\n-Outnumbered I probably played the least\n\n-Treasure Cove had the goddamn best music and coolest secrets\n\n-Gizmos and Gadgets was too good\n\n-Treasure Galaxy I never see posted in these threads. I get that it came later and skewed a bit older, but it was probably my second favourite.\n\n-Mission THINK my little sister played that seemed like a more abstract logic focused gizmos and gadgets with more interactive Maxwell boss faceoffs", "I fucking loved the Super Solver series. So damn good. \n\nThanks for the nostalgia OP.", "The nostalgia of this game sure makes people curse a lot. My first reaction was also 'fuck yeah I played this shit'  ", "Flip all day.", "Omg. My brain just twerked itself when I saw this picture. So many memories. ", "The song was a variation of solfeggietto by Carl Phillip Emmanuel Bach \n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51VpkSpbaQ8", "I remember Treasure Mountain to be scary as shit.\n\nThen again, I was 5.", "Used to just rock this and The Adventure Of The Zoombini's", "Oh geez I remember this game series, but I remember Gizmos and Gadgets the most.", "Gizmos and Gadgets was one of my favorite games as a kid.\n\nAnd yet almost all I remember is throwing bananas", "What was the historical one called?", "I believe that was super solvers: challenge of the ancient empires!\n\nremembered this a few days ago, and had nostalgia waves like crazy. ", "I fucking love this game!! :) Super solvers: midnight rescue ", "Wow, played hours and hours and hours of this before I got my first CD rom (which was a double cd rom packaged with a Sound Blaster Pro sound card)..I used to love this game so much, thanks for bringing it back into my memories :)", "I remember this game! Didn't realize at the time what a weird outfit he had on, though... Bermuda shorts and a teal jacket?", "This game was also my introduction to classical music. Hall of the Mountain King for hours.", "I used to play this and Reader Rabbit all the fucking time when I was a kid.", "Awesome games.  Now if anyone can find me information or a working copy of \"The Goodell Diamond Caper\" and \"The Secret of Hotel Victoria\" I'll be really f'n impressed...\n\nhttp://www.1up.com/media/03/8/4/5/sm/311.jpg", "Now that song is stuck in my head...crazy how something I forgot exists from 20+ years ago can spur a song to play in my noggin.", "Also try **Spelling Blizzard**!", "someone remembers this PC game", "The Super Solvers series from [The Learning Company](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Learning_Company)!  Why can't we have classic educational games like this for my kids nowadays?  Guess I'll have to DOSBox it.  ;-)", "Some chicks review of Treasure Mountain:\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYY8BCsGGz0&amp;feature=c4-overview-vl&amp;list=PLcXUr4OJhR1ZFk9cuRYPSMErckofN3VtJ", "The Logical Journey of the Zoombinis anyone?", "That game was my [shiiiiiiiiiiit!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/04d89dd0a46b8b9f485548d12217949d/tumblr_mu2hie99Aw1r4sj1co1_400.gif)", "Midnight Rescue!\n\nMy favorite was Ancient Empires I think it was called... I never beat it, it got really tricky.", "I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THIS GAME FOR SOOO LONG!\n\nSorry about the yelling, I got a little excited there.  Every time I try to describe this game, nobody knows what the hell I'm talking about.", "This was my shit growing up and honestly I forgot about it until just now. Thanks for reminding me! Many much nostalgia for this guy.", "Does anybody remember http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D/Generation", "TREASURE MOUNTAIN", "YES! This was where I first heard what I later learned was the theme to Mozart's 40th symphony.", "I used to play this growing up as a kid in India. That was our very first 486!", "Nostalgia levels over 9000 ", "My classroom had this game in like 4th grade.  We got to play if we finished our work early!", "Wow, this game brings back memories.  I think I have to redownload it.  Chip's Challenge too.", "Bummer", "Loved this game, made me smart.", "I god I love all these games!\n\nOh the memories!", "This used to be available for free off their website but you needed a dosbox to get it to work.", "http://www.xtdos.com/game.php?id=254 all these dos games are playable online via java!", "I have been looking for this game for the past 4 years. I was trying to figure out what game it was. I remember this was one of the first non-BBS games I played on the PC. My dad was a huge computer guy, and signed myself and my brother up to computer classes that had games like these, and it really spurred my interest in computers, games, puzzles, and detective elements. Was it the hardest game? No, but for a kid it was really fun.", "When I was 7 years old (1992-ish), I bet my cousin $5.00 on the final outcome of this game (like the bad guy was one of the robots in particular).  My uncle made him pay up when he lost, and he broke down in tears.  This game took up most of my time when visiting grandma's house.  After playing this, I'd sit down with the other adolescents in my family for The Sandlot, Mighty Ducks, or Little Giants.", "Wow. What a throwback. This game was so much fun.", "This game taught me the concept of bunny hopping.", "Yes yes yes loved this\nInstalled this on a series of floppy disks maybe?", "He'll yeah I loved that game - although treasure mountain was even better!!", "I always think about this game, but can never remember what it is called!  Thank you!", "Played that shit every time we would go to the computer lab in 3-5th grade. ", "I also really remember to this day that the game had really cool music.  I don't remember exactly what it was but I seem to recall a baroque influence...", "Midnight Rescue was my favorite growing up. Way better than Math Blaster!", "This is the first PC game I ever played", "We definitely had this game, although I only ever played it at school. There was another one that I cant remember what it was called. It has been driving me crazy for years. You play as a dog and you run around trying to collect things so you can get to the crystal to go to the next level. Each level was basically just a new color scheme maybe some new textures. I got close to the last level but I never beat it. Fuck me, what was it called?\n\nAlso, that frogger game where you have to eat the word that matches the clue at the top of the screen and museum rescue(I think, you ran around a museum at life solving puzzles), loved those games.", "Yo\n\nNever quite understood wtf was happening though haha", "damn, i was hoping for Rise of the Triad", "Oh my fucking god.  I've been trying to find this game for years, but could never remember what it was called!  Thank you.  Now to find it and play it again...", "Played it absolutely fucking constantly. *You should have seen my treasure room.*\n\nWeirdest thing is, I was thinking about this game literally yesterday in the shower...probably for the first time in 20 years.\n\nedit: Yeah, Treasure Mountain was even better.\n\nWeren't these the \"Super Sleuth\" series or something?", "Holy shit I remember playing this at the boys and girls club. This image alone is hitting me in the nostalgia gut. ", "Oh shit! Absolutely! Completely forgot about this, which is weird, since it was *the best* game in my childhood.", "Anyone remember a game where you surfed around on a hoverboard and collected keys(or floppy disk) to get to the next room.  I can picture it in my head but can't remember any more details then that.  Same era of gaming.  Used to play it at school along with the OP game etc...\n\nlong shot but worth a try.", "If someone posts a link, i will shower them with the upvotes...", "I. Loved. Those. Games. Got the child playing them too. He enjoys them just as much!", "I actually had a dream recently about this game and had no idea how to describe it to my SO. Thank you OP. You are my hero today. I'm about to have a fun day at work playing these :)", "Nostalgia at its finest.", "I remember the soundtrack was intense! I used to get jacked up as fuck playing this game as a kid.", "wow flashback to my town library's childrens' computer lab", "dododo dododo dodoDO dodo dodo dodo do", "zak mckracken?", "Mine took place in a radio station....I had to do maths.", "YESYESYESYESYESYES", "This was my FAVORITE! Ah, the memories.", "The law from VGHS was this character for a [while](http://www.reddit.com/r/VGHS/comments/1llumj/loving_the_reference_info_in_the_comments/).", "I used to play that game all the time as a kid. ", "YES! I could not remember the name of this game", "I played Treasure Mountain the most out of them all\n", "OH SHIT! that game was great. havent seen that in a loooooong time", "I had completely forgotten about all those awesome Learning Company games! [ Logic Quest](http://i.imgur.com/f3zyIqS.jpg) came out a little later but it was one of my favorites", "Thank you for this, nostalgia engaged", "Man this was the bomb diggity", "This game gave me nightmares as a kid.  This picture just freaked me out for a second.  ", "Yeah, we played that a bunch in school.", "The games name?", "Super Solvers:  Midnight Rescue", "I STILL HAAAVEEE THIIIISSSS YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS\n\ndid you ever play Julliard music adventure?", "I'm freaking out right now. Is there a place online I can play all of these classics(without downloading them)", "Bang... right in the childhoods", "Oh. My. God. Thank you so much for this! I loved the hell out of these games! They were so much fun!", "My dad would make me do the multiplication practice game at least 1 hour every Saturday. I never actually played the story...:(", "SPELLBOUND WAS MY SHIT AWW YEEEAAAA", "Awww yeeeaaaaaaaaah.", "Awww yeeeaaaaaaaaah.", "Yes I do. Dont remember the name, but played it in elementary school.", "Haha boy o boy I remember it.  Spent soo much of my childhood playing it.  Thanks for the nostalgia. ", "... holy shit, I have not even thought about this game since I last played it 20 years ago.", "I remember that! I don't know if it was exact same one, but it was with the guy with the big jacket and the hat and no face from the picture. You would walk around a big building and zap people have have to do math problems. ", "Oh my god, this game was a revolution for me. And i didn't know it was also in colour till today. ", "The math one was more fun, IMHO, but all these games were awesome.", "FUCKING LOVED THIS GAME", "Ah, the nostalgia. ", "Might just be the first PC game I ever played. ", "This is all I ever did in school computer class. Seeing as how my teacher hid the files to play it and I was able to get to it every time, I had obviously surpassed the curriculum. ", "I played this game all the time as a kid, I preferred this game though [Spelling Jungle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spelling_Jungle)", "YES", "And now Solfegiatto is going to play in my head all day.", "I was a grandmaster at this game in 4th grade, id always guess before i got all the clues for more points", "Blast from the past man. I think I was around 10 when I played this in my aunt and uncle's basement on their horrible excuse for a computer.", "Oh yesssss", "My sister and I used to play this all the time on our crappy old e-machines desktop when we were little. So much fun.", "&gt; yep.  I had that game.  Played it for HOURS.", "I loved super solvers so much wish someone would host them online somewhere sigh", "I was beginning to think I had imagined this! ", "Thank you for sharing this.  These games have been on my mind for a while and  I could not remember the name.  I remember there being two I owned.  One was math and the other was grammar (I think).  Oh the nostalgia! ", "Thank you! A few months ago I racked my brain trying to figure out the name of this game. I played it so much on my first computer, but I couldn't for the life of me remember what it was called. I can't thank you enough, my search is over! ", "I've been trying to remember the name of this for YEARS. Thank you!", "Holy sweet mother of pearl......!", "This shit was too scary for me in elementary school.", "Holy fuck! At my elementary school in the \"computer room\" only ONE computer could play this game at a time. No idea why, but everyone always rushed to play it every time!", "One of the greats! It's Midnight Rescue!", "YES!", "MOFUKIN GIZMOZ N GADGETS YEEEEA WOOOO WOOOOO MUCH GADGET", "I had Out Numbered! When I saw your screenshot, the game music immediately popped in my head.  ", "I remember my sister was playing this and it scared the shit out of me because you couldn't see the guys face", "I still don't know how to play this.", "OMG! Every few years or so, I think back to this game and wax nostalgic, and struggle to remember the name of it! I fucking loved this game. ", "Super Solvers: Midnight Rescue!  Ah, man, this was the first PC game I ever had as a kid.  Daaah-daahhh, dum dum dum dum, dah-dum, dah dah dah dah dah dum dum...  Those bots appearing out of thin air could scare the crap out of me sometimes...  And their movement noises were so abrasive as to be irritating on that built-in PC speaker.  I grew up playing it on an amber/black monochrome screen; I don't recall ever playing it in color!!", "Holy Shit, I loved these games!", "If it predates Steam, then it never existed.", "I loaded this up on my old 386 to let my daughter check it out a while back. I remember racing my dad to get to the top of the high score list.", "Midnight rescue was my SHIT!", "I don't remember this one, but I had Treasure Mountain. Loved that game.", "I remember this game, gizmos and gadgets, and some underwater game where you had to shine a flashlight on some fish to get clues for something", "YES!!!!!!!\n\nI've looked for this game forever and couldn't even find a screenshot.  This thread is saved.", "I was just asking what this game was called in another post! Does anyone happen to know the name of another game that was out about the same time where you were a paper airplane trying to get across a room, riding on air currents?", "Holy shit, Midnight Rescue.", "I saw this at a thrift store for $1.....UNOPENED!!", "ya man, this and math mountain", "I played the crap out of that game!", "Yes, i do remember. Had to find out which robot was the bad guy", "OMG I remember this, but I can't remember anything about it at all.  ", "I recall catching elves with a net. Is this the same game?", "You are thinking of Treasure Mountain.\n\n", "Did anyone else love King's Quest VI?  It took me a whole year to finally remember the name.  ", "Castle Wolfenstein for the Apple IIe.  1983 Bitch!", "Dude. Yes!! Someone PLEASE tell me you know a game where there are triangle pyramids and you rotate them around and lasers bounce off them... I know that sounds ridiculous but it's been so long I don't remember much else. Anybody have any idea what it was???", "You are thinking of Challenge of the Ancient Empires.\n\n", "I can still hear the theme music in my head.", "This game! I remember the music game me panic attacks that probably caused my anxiety into adulthood...\n\nfuck this game.", "I remember it in black and white.", "it was this and number munchers all day every day.", "One of the few pc games I played the fuck out of as a kid\n", "my favorite was operation neptune", "loved this game, but had Treasure MathStorm! anyone remember Pickle Wars? ", "GUYS, GUYS, lets not forget the magnificent [Treasure Cove](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfCO5Tsi_Lg)", "Midnight Rescue!?", "I still have that game in a case on my shelf'", "I do! :D This was probably the first video game I ever played. ", "OMFG intermediate school OP. Biggest nostalgia EVER.", "OH MY GOD, MY CHILDHOOD JUST SLAPPED ME IN THE FACE!", "Loved the shit out of this game. Especially the chiptune rendition of \"In the Hall of the Mountain King\".", "Omg, tears to my eyes. I remember playing Treasure Mathstorm.. It was the best game ever.. &lt;3 Thanks for the memories.", "i was on my way to make a G&amp;G post you bastard", "I used to play the hell out of this game at school in 5th grade.  I would always finish my work the fastest so I could get on the computer first.  But I got banned from the computer for the rest of the year when we were lining up for lunch, I typed in a bunch of X's, \"X X X X X X X X X X, etc...\" into the word processor, and then turned the speech on.  We were all lined up, quiet, ready to go for lunch, and you hear that goofy Mac voice \"X X X X X X...\"  So worth it.", "Oh wow. I remember playing this game when I was in first grade, which was around 1996.", "Loved that game", "Yeah, my dad got me games like this to help with learning to use the computer and doing math and spelling.  Loved it.", "First private Old balls checking in!", "this and day of the tentacle were my favorite! i wish i could play day of the tentacle again :(", "Someone posted about Math Blaster and I thought about this too. This was also another play over and over again game. \nI'm still not great at math, though.", ".", "Anyone remember a game where either the title screen the game over screen or the ending had your character in a boat in the water at night and a volcano or a explosion of some kind in the left hand side behind the boat.", "oh MY god, nostalgia! What was the one that took place in egyptian like ruins? Was more of a puzzle game. I can't remember it but it was in the same universe.", "Holy shit i've been trying to find this for so long! ", "No. Nobody but you remembers.", "I used to book out time at the local library for this one.", "you just [blew my mind!](http://i.imgur.com/j74SykU.gif)  i used to play this for hours... had completely forgot about it!", "Yes! I loved playing these games (and Oregon Trail) in the computer labs at school.", "Bananas!", "this shit used to scare me so bad", "Old school literally", "I actually remember staying late at school trying to beat this game. I have a picture of me playing it in first grade with a big stupid shit eating grin on my face. God that game was awesome...", "I love you so much", "Yea this and treasure mountain, and my personal favorite is operation Neptune, music was too epic", "I played this. And that one with the gnomes or something on the mountain? I have no idea what the point of the game was though. ", "never knew how to play but its how i spent all my time in elementary school", "I just remember it scared the shit out of me", "Holy Shit that was my favorite game growing up!!", "favoritestest game ever. felt so lucky they let us play this back in k-6", "Holy crap! You just awoke a part of my childhood I completely forgot existed! What was this game called again?!", "YES! OutNumbered was the one I used to play all the time. ", "PSA: There's Mac abandonware over at the [Macintosh Garden](http://macintoshgarden.org) too if anyone has some old Macs with OS 9 or emulators.\n\nLove these abandonware websites, they're doing a great service!", "I used to play this and math blaster, and a game that was Operation (something). It was a game where you were a submarine and you'd shot ink pellets at sea creatures...can't remember the name!", "This game was the jump off", "I still have that game! Well, my dad does anyways. Absolutely loved this game!", "I loved this game!!!!", "Someone remembers this PC game.", "This looks like museum madness. But I'm not sure. Also not even sure that's what that game was called. Why am I even typing this?", "Treasure Mountain was my favourite game", "Le gem", "LE GEM AMIRITE?", "Too this day still whistle the games one song that looped forever while you played.", "Oh jeez... I used to love this game so much that my mom has embarrassing stories of how I would always wear a red cap and blue jacket just to pretend to be this guy. \n\nEvery day.\n\nExcept Halloween. Then I was a power ranger. Which is another embarrassing story. ", "This game was impossible to beat :P", "Yeah its mentioned all the time ", "Super Solvers!\n\nI have its sequel, Mission THINK.", "No, I do not remember what this is.", "I might actually still have it And the box...", "Midnight Rescue! :) I used to play it all the time as a kid ", "I loved this game... and there was one more. You scaled a mountain, and collected trophies.\n\nYou had a net and you had to catch butterflies. \n\nmy sister tricked me into collecting all my items under her name.\n\nMY treasure collection was so minuscule compared to hers and I played way more than her.\n\n\n\n\n\n", "I never played that one as a kid, but I played it's cousin, Treasure Mountain all the freaking time, love it.", "I am fairly certain that Treasure Mountain, Outnumbered, Midnight Rescue, and Gizmos and Gadgets played an extremely integral role on me getting a 1600 on my SAT 10+ years later.  Such great memories playing these games on my Dad's computer when I was a little kid.  Combine this with a little Commander Keen, Duke Nukem, Gorillas.bas, Nibbles.bas, and Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego and you have a future PC Gaming degenerate on your hands.", "please tell me this game didn't look like that. v.v my childhood remembers so much different. ", "There used to be a Car game where you had an auto garage, I think you might have been able to do small customization, and maybe drive the car around the town. Hot Rod style game. It was right around the same time of this game. I can't think of the name and wish I could provide you all with some more clues on what it could be. If someone magically help me think of the name, I would appreciate it.", "Holy CHILDHOOD. I was thinking of this game a few weeks ago and could *NOT* for the life of me remember what it was! Have an upvote you brilliant person.", "Haha I loved this game. Was thinking about it today when the earliest game you've played thread was made. \n\nThe music in these games will be with me forever. ", "YEAH!!! I still have Gizmos and Gadgets.", "This was one of my favorites.  The second I saw the picture, the music started playing in my head.  The other games I played the hell out of without realizing how actually educational they were, was Fraction Fever and Where on Earth is Carmen Sandiego.", "The music is now stuck in my head. ", "wow. i havent seen this in 15 years at least ", "I still own a copy on CD Rom.", "I never knew what it looked like in color. I used to play this all the time on an ancient laptop with a monochrome screen.", "Looks boring as fuck.", "ZOMGZOMGZOMGZOMGZOMG!!! I LOVED THIS GAME!!!\n\nYou've turned my typing into my 11 year old self..  I've actually been trying to remember this game forever!", "YES!!!!! 100%\n\nWow you really just brought me back man lol", "Nothing like popping in that good old 5' floppy disk to play this game. ", "I used to play this game on a Mac of some kind. Don't remember the title", "OMFG I LOVED THIS GAME. This was one of my favorites as a kid", "I used to Love that game!!", "Aww yeah. I remember playing the Mac version of this every chance I could get back in 1st grade.", "Holy crap, I was looking for this game forever!", "YESSSS I HAVE FINALLY FOUND IT AGAIN!!!!!", "bookmark", "I've been looking for the title of this games for years~!!! ", "Man, I used to play the fuck out of this as a litle kid, along with the Dr. Brain and Carmen Sandiego series (and reader rabbit and a whole bunch of other stuff).\n\nAbout seven years ago I dug out my grandpa's old 286 and booted it up, and this game was on there. I never completely finished the game as a kid, so I spent like the next three hours playing it over and over, start to finish. \n\nOh the memories.", "This game scared the living shit out of me as a child. It wasn't the robots. It wasn't the odd, creepy music. No, what scared me was the idea that you could be ERASED FOREVER. That there would be nothing left of you: No body, no memories, NO SOUL. To this day I feel oddly ill looking at screenshots of the game. ", "DAE remember this game installed on every school computer from 1989 to 1993?", "Super Solvers.  Ahh the memories..  this and Trouble with Troggles were my jam back then.", "Have an upvote! It's been so long since i've even thought about this game. I don't even remember what the title was.", "HELL FRIGGEN YES", "Challenge of the Ancient Empires was the best of the Super Solvers games, but this one makes me smile still too :D", "Holy crap! the memories!", "First time I've ever seen /r/gaming produce something that helped someone else in a long time. Yay.", "NO! I DON'T WANNA DO MATH! STOP SCARING ME!!! ;___;", "I remember it!!!!!!!!!! I played it in school!!", "Does anyone know the name of the game where the character would answer math questions (I think the numbers would appear in boxes above the character's head)? Pretty sure it was a math game, can't remember what it was called but I played it in grade 2 like 15 years ago.", "HOLY FUCK I FEEL SO OLD", "YESSS ive been trying to remember the name of this game for years!", "No.. ... yes.  Holy shit.  I only played it a few times.  My dad was a handyman, and he had a customer who had 2 kids around my age.    They had a ... an apple??  and this was one of the games I remember playing at their house...  only a few times.  When we weren't playing outside.  In the sun.  With the grass and dirt and bugs like kids were SUPPOSED to do. :)", "If anyone is having trouble running these (like myself with Win7 64 bit), download [this] (http://dfendreloaded.sourceforge.net/) and run the application file through it and it runs it like a charm.  Free, no bundled malware, just a helpful tool to play some seriously forgotten games.  ", "Ah, the Super Solvers series. I can't begin to tell you how many times I played the Gizmos and Gadgets one... I miss them.", "fuck yeah master of mischeif!!!!!  trick was to guess early, like after the first fucking picture, because you got hugely rewarded for when you were right.  quit playing soon after i realized that....", "Been looking everywhere for these!", "Someone remembers this PC game.", "Had totally forgotten about this!", "My tutor used this as a learning tool for me when I was young haha", "Remember it? That's my childhood. Literally that one. I played OutNumbered a little while later as well, but Midnight Rescue was the best.", "Wow, I completely forgot about this! Thanks for taking me back to my childhood.", "Thank you for this good sir.", "I think about this game frequently but have not seen or played it in a very long time!", "Motherfuckin Gizmos and Gadgets, shit was fun at Elementary school. ", "I have been Trying to find the name of this game for years, i played it a lot growing up\n", "OMG I love this game. THANK YOU I have been looking for it for years!", "HHHHNNNNGNGGGGGGGHHHHHH\n\nnostalgia", "OMG YES! It took me a few seconds, but I totally remembered it =)", "I played this in school while living in Turkey. I thought I would never see it agian.", "I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THIS. What's it called again, I played it as a wee ginger.", "I remember this very vaguely. Does anyone remember the name of an old educational game where you help a traveling band film their scenes for their music video? For the love of gawd I'm trying to find this game!", "I remember a game that was EERILY similar to treasure mountain, with the nets, elves, and the prize room, but it was... different? Is there a game that is very similar to Treasure Mountain, that might be made after it?", "&lt;3 Midnight Rescue,\n\n&lt;3 Crystal Caves!\n", "THESE GAMES RIGHT HERE", "This was legit scarier for me as a kid than Dead Space to me now.", "My girlfriend sent me a message this morning saying she was playing Super Solvers.\n\nI got super nostalgic for a minute.", "remember playing it in school way back when, dont remember if it was elementary school or not", "Jimmy Bluecoat &amp; the Mystery of the Springy Peanut Thing", "Never heard of it, sorry!", "Holy shit, I did not know this is what I could expect from my day. Secrets of time travel revealed, I am now in 3rd grade again.", "Oh shit I barely remember this. What was it called?", "this was a damn learning game wasn't it? all the first pc games i played were learning games", "Super Solvers! ", "OH GOD!!!", "It's all about Treasure Mountain &amp; Math Blaster!", "maybe someone here can tell me. What was the old game where you help a scientist figure out how to save his brain/beat his evil clone? There were at least two games maybe three in the series? (one puzzle I remember is you are in his brain and he is a rat, the puzzle has something to do with train tracks)", "Are you referring to the [Dr. Brain video game series](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr._Brain)?  That was my favorite educational video game series as a kid!", "This is what my parents let me play because Mario wasn't educational enough. They made it up to me with a Super Nintendo later.", "Ive been trying to remember this game forever", "Holy shit I had spellbound when I was little!", "THIS GAME WAS THE FUCKING SHIT", "Ok one more for you guys, this one might be harder. Its a game where you are a spy? in medieval times. At the beginning you chose either male or female. It teaches you a lot about the time period, the characters are live action. Sometimes they will ask for a password (which is usually a question about the technology at the time.) You had to do seek and find where you have to locate gold coins. Which can then be used to get you out of jail if the find out you are a spy. Really sorry about the crappy explanation but thats all I remember. If you can tell me the name I would be eternally grateful!\n\nEdit: Nevermind found it....so simple its called Castle Explorers :/", "Well shit, there goes my productivity. ", "You take pictures of the \"robots\" in this game right? If so THANK YOU SO MUCH - I've been trying to find this piece of my childhood FOREVER.", "I know this is off topic, but this seemed to be a thread about old games.\nI used to play a space conquest game when I was younger, probably around 1992 where you played a race of green space men and you had a fleet of starships. You could set orbits bombard cities before attacking with beamed in ground troops, then they would build landing pads for dropships with tanks. \nI've been looking for this for years and I can't remember the name, or even where I could find a copy for that matter.", "STOP OMG THIS WAS THE SCARIEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED I HATE DEALING WITH THOSE THINGS I'M DYING", "comment", "I actually went back and played it just last summer and [reviewed it](http://whattheycallgames.blogspot.com/2013/08/super-solvers-detectives-of-indoor.html). That and Gizmos &amp; Gadgets.", "AWESOME", "I used to play this, Oregon Trail, and one other game that involved the entire world. I can't remember what it was called but that one was my favorite of the 3. You would have to look around the entire world to find where your parents are and you would find clues by knowing geography and stuff. It had nothing to do with Carmen Sandiego. I remember I would click near washington d.c. and the mount rush more would sneeze and a plane would fly by. or I remember clicking Asia and seeing a rice field. Man I wish I remembered what it was.", "no commander keen anyone? that game was my fav", "OFCOURSE", "YES used to play that at school WOW. Loved this game", "Super Solvers! Played 'em all, those were my introduction to PC gaming.", "I actually went and got an emulator to play that about 2 years ago."]["I put around 150 hours into Skyrim on Xbox when it came out, so I was kinda bummed out when i built my gaming pc a couple months later. I felt I had already burned out on the game. I finally decided to pick it up anyways during a steam sale. I played around with some mods and launched the game and was completely blown away. It is a whole new game. Definitely recommend!", "I did the same thing. Skyrim was the first game that I went to a midnight release and I got it on Xbox and put so many hours into. 3 months later I built a gaming PC and bought Skyrim during a steam sale then modded the hell out of it. Well worth", "Same! I got it on ps3 completely burned out. Built a $2k gaming rig bought it again and geez, the mods. The Sky's....", "first game i will be modding when I get a decent PC.", "Maybe wont be my first, I know for sure the first thing I do when I get a gaming PC is posting about it on r/gaming. ", "One word... Beautiful &lt;3 ", "amazing.", "That's alright.", "This base game with amazing rig, or modded? If so, what mods?", "This is modded. Can't say for sure on which one, but there is a ENB at work here, and a night sky mod.", "Watch the sky...", "Stupid res downgraded.. i want to watch it in its full glory!! (i havnt playd skyrim yet lol)"]["Never owned the full game, but had a demo cd which I played the shit out of. The \"buy game\" screen after finishing the demo is permanently engrained into my retinas. ", "Hah! you're not the only one.", "Was it the gameorama demo disc?", "I don't remember - my dad used to come back from work with a bunch of cds with shareware on, and there were demos of lots of games ", "Was that the disc that had like 100s of games on it?\n", "Jazz the Jackrabbit, worms, Hocus Pocus, Wolfenstine 3d, and yea like 100 others. It was the best", "I also only had the demo version of this game, wicked good times were had.", "I hear ya man lol", "Oh damn! - The Co-op in this game beats everything. Oooh. The hours spend with my childhood friend playing this game. Nostalgic as fuck.", "I remember the duels with the flying board... Damn! How could I forget about this game?", "Awesome game, it had an amazing soundtrack as well. Takes me back immediately: \n[Theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnnFFEStA3c)\nAnd some amazing sound of just of two levels:\n[Diamondus](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PT8WzAczA1k) and\n[Tubelectric](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2idyeFWdmA)", "I recorded Tubelectric to a cassette tape and listened to it on my Walkman back in the day. ", "Play it online and relive your childhood! \nhttp://www.classicdosgames.com/online/1jazz13.html\n", ".", "Cliffy B, designer of Gears of War created this game.", "He made a good choice switching", "JJ2 was even better imo, loved that game. I still know most of the cheat codes :D", "This was my first PC game. I can remember the day my dad brought home the computer and set it up and showed me how to play. Great game!", "holy smokes I forgot about this game!!\nThis game is amazing, I wonder if there is Java version anywhere where I can still play!", "You can find downloads of it with Google, you might need to also download DOSbox to play it, but it's worth it for the memories.", "http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1qzq7z/my_childhood_in_one_pc_game/cdi999w", "This and Hocus Pocus were the shit", "Hey, it's my one fan on Reddit!", "Oh wow! Sweet memories, had forgotten about this almost :). Thanks!", "From what I heard, the guy who did the art for this game was the same person who was behind making Dust: An Elysian Tail, or am I mistaken?", "Dean Dodrill... He was a concept artist for it and yes he made Dust: an Elysian tale... By himself.  Dude made the whole game solo.  \n\nhttp://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dust:_An_Elysian_Tail", "Well, yes I know he made Dust practically by himself (with the help of Hyperduck Soundworks and...uh, voice actors.) though I remember it being listed as a thing he did.", "Op and I use to fight over who would get to play this game every trip to our grandparents, and the other would always be stuck typing with Mavis Beacon on the shit computer. ", "This was mine and my sisters favourite game. Sadly I am the only one left to tell the tail. It was indeed an awesome game.", "I have been waiting all day for someone to post this game! loved every second this game.", "I beat it! Awesome game. Definitely one of the best platformers in the nineties.", "oh wow. totally forgot about this one", "The Christmas version was a blast too, if you haven't tried it already. Really puts me in the seasonal mood.", "I always made my sister play the slightly retarded brother, because he couldn't jump worth shit. hhaha", "Second one was better.", "OH MY GOD. I have been trying to remember the name of this game for years now, I loved this game.", "Oh my god i played this game when I was a kid for sooo long. When i grew older i was always thinking about what game i was playing and i just couldnt remember. Just when i saw this picture I INSTANTLY remembered!", "SUGAR RUSH!!!", "I used to always play this game. I remember downloading it from a site but I can't remember the site name.. They also had another awesome game called Jetpack Santa (and just Jetpack I think). Building your own levels and getting through them using a jetpack and shit..", "You just made me so happy, i played this game into the ground but i couldnt remember the name for the life of me!!!!!", "/r/DAERememberThisGame", "But only the shareware version, never the full game.", "Epic should've what Ubisoft did with Blood Dragon and made a short Jazz Jackrabbit game on the Gears of War engine, but now that Cliff Bleszinski's retired from the company I don't see much chance of this series ever getting a revival. :(", "My first PC game ever! One of my faves and I still play it today :) The music is awesome.", "My father forbid me to play that game when I was like 10 years old because he considered it as \"evil\" (you have to \"shoot at other individuals\") *facepalm*. \n\nStill played it secretly ofc and enjoyed it a lot :).", "Jazz Jackrabbit 3D was good fun, shame it was never finished, you can find it on torrent sites :)", "Whats with all these poor kids only playing one game for their entire childhood?", "The music in that game was awesome.", "I remember sitting at school as a child waiting to go home and play this game. This and TIM. Had forgotten about both until now. Thanks ", "Wow so nostalgic, used to play this with my brother all the time. First we went through the adventure mode, then we played the battle mode where we just run around collecting all weapons and upgrades and started to spam all kind of weapons at same time, fun times :P", "YES! Possibly my first video game ever. I love it so much.", "Some other greats were Jill of the Jungle, Commander Keen, Crystal Caves.  Then when Flashback: The Quest for Identity came out, my mind was blown!", "I (well, my parents) bought this game's Demo Floppy three times.  \n  \nThe first time, I got to the end with the BUY ME screen.  \n  \nThen I saw it in my science museum's gift shop with a ton more levels' screenshots on the back, so had it bought again. Unfortunately, this was still just that trial/demo disk. The photos were if you bought the real game.  \n  \nBut no lesson learned, then I saw it again in some indoor-mall at a hotel, and figured I had just made a mistake last time and made them buy it again. Not only was their similar remorse, I had to pretend I had never seen this game before in my life because my Dad kept asking \"Don't you already have this?\" and even as a 5 year old I had to save face.\n  \nThis apparently scarred me for life because now I will never buy anything until I'm assured that every expansion, DLC, and update is out and being included with my game.", "I've still got this on a floppy disk somewhere ", "Such incredible music... \n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2idyeFWdmA\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOLVMTnAUjc\n\nI loved Epic Megagames' music back in the day.\n", "Either an improved version of this or a sequel came out of GBA.", "sequel", "is this being released on gog.com anytime soon? those developers deserve everything for those awesome games", "YES", "[bonus level](http://i.imgur.com/sqDdoHl.png)\n\n[after the demo](http://i.imgur.com/qIlefqz)\n\n[nostalgia](http://i.imgur.com/eaqvM3h)", "This post made my week", "I always wondered how they got away with basically ripping off Bucky O'Hare...", "My brain has been nostalgiad in the face.", "Still better than sonic.", "This game came out the year I was born, yet I probably have the most fond memories of playing this game than any other.\n\nJet Set Radio Future is it's only near rival.", "Why was that turtle such a prick?", "oh maaannnn epic mega-games was amazing. Jazz Jackrabbit, Tyrian, ZZT... dude, blizzard of our generation", "Such a shame that Jazz 3 got cancelled. There's a demo of it up on youtube. I played the GBA game too but it was pretty average. ", "Do you know I how know we're old?", "Fucking loved this shit. God damn it OP, I didn't want to nostagia today.", "I remember downloading the demo of this off a dial-up BBS!", "Fuck yeah!", "Came here to upvote PC posts on r/gaming.  Stayed here for jazz jackrabbit.   That game was age 5-12 for me. I'd play whenever I went to my grandpas house.  Best memories.", "You sir have good taste have an upvote.", "What a shitty childhood."]["\"Five percent of Bundle Stars profits from The Outer Limits Bundle goes to SpecialEffect\"\n\n...", "yeah thats utterly fucking atrocious for the shit heap games they are advertising, Special effect are one of the few charities I actually support and I've met some of the guys from there more than a few times, a fine bunch of people, but I'd honestly prefer to just give them four quid than buy a load of crap and have them see 20 paltry pence.", "&gt; have them see 20 paltry pence\n\nNope, not even that.  They promise 5% of the _profit_, not 5% of the gross...\n\nEdit:  I would wonder if they count the profit as anything above what the games cost them (perhaps plus hosting), or if they have to subtract the 'employee compensation' from the total first...", "Heh, when I looked up the pricings / terms on the site myself it did cross my mind because it was unusually specific to state '5% of profit'  but if I'm honest I couldn't be bothered to wrangle a value out of that :) \n\nbut regardless its shit, and I wouldn't support them even if they were providing games worth owning.\n\nSpecial Effect on the other hand are crazy awesome human beings, everyone that hasn't should totally check them out.", "Can you convert those amounts for us Americans?", "It's like 10-15 cents. ", "four quid is around about six dollars fifty, and 5% of that is about 30 cents.\n\nits worth bearing in mind that the prices on their site are actually 3 so it'd be closer to $5 really and maybe 25 cents :P \n", "5% to charity? How noble... 10 cents will surely be helpful. ", "yeah its pretty appalling isn't it :( ", "5% of the *profit*. ", "And how much are you giving today?\n\nShut the fuck up ", "Oh lookie, Blades of Time. It's a game with lots and lots of plot.", "So much plot /r/WatchItForThePlot ", "Sequel to [X-Blades,](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/27/X-Blades_Cover.jpg) which dropped the anime art style. Can a series be anymore awkward?", "good? No. Rubbish? Yes\n\n1. http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/ufo-extraterrestrials\n1. http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/blades-of-time\n1. http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/insane-2\n1. http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/hydrophobia-prophecy\n1. http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/race-injection\n1. http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/puzzle-kingdoms\n\nI didn't do all of them because its a waste of time, the games all get 60-70 scores. I'm ok with promoting the bundle but don't claim they're good when reviews clearly indicate that isn't true. ", "Oh shit! HYDROPHOBIA PROPHECY!!!!!!!!!!!!! I do not enjoy that game. ", "looking at the reviews I think most would agree with you. ", "Hydrophobia was a fun enough game, the rest look pretty bad though to be honest, watching the promo video of the UFO like game and it kinda looks like someone decided to rip of Xcom like twenty years too late and then forgot to put all the animations in.", "I don't base my opinion on a game on a number other people decided upon. ArmA II the game I have 300+ hours on got around a 74 (if I remember correctly) metacrit score. I would like to note that doesn't count DayZ because I ran it without steam enabled on it. ", "I remember having a great time drowning people in weird ways in that game. But I was reaaally drunk when I played it.", "The lowest score in that group is 6.2\n\nHardly \"rubbish\". They're mediocre games but what do you expect for 2.\n\nI'm happy since I got blades of time.", "Clearly I expect blockbuster AAA titles that scored &gt;90, but I've been pretty spoiled lately. ", "I love how the review of BoT states that the main character is an attractive female twice. \n\nLikely because that is all the game has going for it.\n\nHydrophobia is fun, but really unpolished.", "I played the demo of BoT and didn't think it was too bad, but again, claiming these are good is misleading at best. Side note, I bought the bundle. ", "/r/gamedeals is leaking", "You use metacritic to judge games and call 60-70 scores bad? my god, that's funny that's absolutely hilarious. gg.", "I suppose they are actually amazing games? ", "Have you played them all?", "Have you? I bought the bundle and they are rather terrible I'd give them 40-50s then again I paid $4 so I don't care but OP claimed they were good, they are no where near good. ", "Sorry man.. I bought the pack and liked them. For $4 I got some games I am really enjoying..", "TIL that everyone has different opinions about what a good game is.", "UFO: Extraterrestrials is actually pretty good - i faintly recall it has a mod that greatly expands and improves it's gameplay.\n\nThe rest i've never heard of, but i'd consider the 4$ worth it for UFO and Supreme Ruler: 2020, personally. ", "This is ridiculous! These guys are taking advantage of the popularity of the [Humble Bundle](https://www.humblebundle.com/). The Humble Bundle, however, is a **true** charity cause and actually allows you to choose where your donation goes and how much.\n\nPlus the games are not second rate POS! I just picked up the WB bundle with Batman Arham City, FEAR 3, Mortal Kombat bundle (Hell Ya!) just to name a few all for less than $5!\n\nedit: $5!", "I bought it but it is a ripoff for some people. The Race Injection key gave me a ton of racing games, which I love, so I bought it.", "I've never heard of any of those games - anyone know anything about them?", "the nicest thing I can say about gumboy is that it runs on a netbook.\n\ni can't think of what the meanest thing to say about it is, because there are so many horribly mean things I could say. \n\ndon't buy this.", "Supreme Ruler 2020 is a (somewhat buggy) sort of modern-day EU III, with some odd quirks.\n\nI'm a tremendous fan of UFO:ET, it's pretty good.\n\nThe others i'm not to sure of - never actually played them.", "Played a few of them, if the others are similar, installing them is a waste of time and hard drive space.", "You're kidding right? 10 good games? These all suck. ", "This budle is a shitty copycat of the Humble Bundle. 5% to charity? yeaaaaahhh forget these guys. ", "Huh Blades of Time looks quite interesting... and it's 22.99 for the Limited Edition steam....\n\nGuess I'll have to buy this bundle? :/", "Check some video reviews of it. If you want a so-so action fighter game then its just what you want. Don't expect a coherent plot though.", "Oh no, there's lots of plot, but not a ton of backstory.\n\n\n", "It's truly atrocious. Do not buy. ", "These games are all honestly awful.", "I thought you said \"Good\"?", "How did this get on top? This is just a copy of humble bundle with only 5% goes to charity", "5%????? suck a cock fake charity.", "www.humblebundle.com\nBest way to buy games on steam.", "Wow Razor2 has a terrible logo.", "I haven't heard of any of these games, let alone how much they will send to charity...", "Just randomly going to say this:\n\nI bought Puzzle Kingdoms many years ago for $1 on a steam sale, I played it a lot more then I expected to, though I never finished it as I have a short attention span. It's an alright game and just wanted to take up for that game in particular, the rest I don't know anything about. I wouldn't pay $4 just for that game though.", "You know your laptop is old when it can't even run $4 games for charity.", "The blog even has a risky click to the actual site.", "wtf i thought this was thru steam, im not putting in jack shit into that website", "IM ROCKING THE SHIT", "Not wasting $4 on crappy games.", "YO BUY HOTLINE MIAMI", "you  guys have  a shitty attitude. For 4$ you don'y even get a decent pizza. Even with an average meta  score of something like 65, people worked on that to make a living. When everyone is starting to think like that people won't be willing to pay any  money for any decent game  and soon the steam library will look like the Apple appstore. ", "I decide how much my money is worth. These games aren't worth 4 dollars to me.\n\nI'm not going to buy crap just because it's cheap.", "But do they take Bitcoin?", "I'm going to use this opportunity to plug /r/gamedeals\n\nAlso, for those of you criticizing Bundle Stars, and calling them a copy-cat of Humble Bundle, maybe you should stay away from /r/gamedeals, because Bundle Stars are actually one of the major game-bundling sites, and you probably won't like IndieRoyale, Groupees, or any of the other \"copy-cats\" that frequently get posted on that sub. \n\nThey're not quite on the same level as Humble Bundle, but then again no other site is.", "Is putting PC in the title of everything an attempt to get upvotes in the midst of this circle jerk, or trying to prove a point to the mods?\n\n&gt;10 Good PC Steam Games for $4 to Help the SpecialEffect Charity\n\nCould have been said just as well, if not better\n\n&gt;10 Good Steam Games for $4 to Help the SpecialEffect Charity\n\n\nThis goes for about 90% of the frontpage on /r/gaming recently and it's starting to get annoying."]["2 years -&gt; aged.. O.o", "That's like 1/6 of OP's entire life. ", "Apparently, that's why they have to release a new Battlefield or CoD every 2 years. ", "Dolla dolla bill, y'all.", "Git dat cash money neff!", "ayye", "&gt;2 years.\n\nYou mean 6 months.", "They mean one year. A new CoD comes out once a year. And Battlefield took two years to make a new game, but they don't have as predictable a pattern as CoD. ", "Battlefield makes a new game every 2 years bro", "This thread is the biggest indicator I've ever seen that the majority of r/gaming threads are posted by 10 year olds. This is beyond retarded.", "Anyone else think assassin's creed 4 aged pretty well? \n\nhttp://images.vg247.com/current//2013/05/Assassins-Creed-4-3.jpg", "Wow. Looks like it totally be a modern game today!", "You missed something in your sentence. It *could* be a word, but maybe I'm just not good enough at speaking english. If so, then I apologize.\n\nI just came here to say that the lady in blue on the right side looks like she's gonna bitchslap someone.", "Have you considered that I may be a pirate? ", "I am not native to the english language, so I have no idea how a pirate would speak... \n\narrrrrrr?", "On the internet, no one knows you're a pirate. Until you start skipping words. ", "That be right.", "Phew, I never words. So no one will ever find out that I pirate my music, games, homework and friends, right?", "Always download your friends through a proxy. ", "A pirate would mostly speak by grabbing games illegally.", "You ain't no pirate. You stood up to the man and gave him what for! ", "This whole PC /gaming malarkey is getting monotonous as well ", "If only there was a PC only subreddit..", "If only they all didn't act like assholes..... ", "Yeah, a few people acting like assholes is really indicative of all of them being asses", "Well, a women turned me down for dinner the other day.\n\nI guess all women are stuck up cunts, too good for an ugly bastard like myself. ", "Real glad you don't generalize or anything.", "[deleted]", "If you would be so kind as to point me to where i said they don't generalize id appreciate it. So are you one of the 12 year olds on Xbox or a \"super hard core gamer\" on Playstation?", "You must not have spent much time to the internet prior.", "Agree. How the fuck is 2 years aged?", "10 year olds? You're really gonna jump to that comclusion? You're killing me right now.", "Your post is a far stronger indicator that you're unfamiliar with the rate at which technology changes. Skyrim may not be *old*, but it's certainly aging.", "DAE like Skyrim? ", "I'm 27, I've played the elder scrolls games since the beginning of time, and I agree with OP and his thoughts on Skyrim.\n\n2 years in these days of gaming is aging in my opinion. It's easy for games to get lost in the backlog of digital stories when games are shat out every other day.", "That might be because you spend so much time on reddit instead of simply doing something productive like not checking reddit every 5 min. But nooooooooooooo, instead you fucking complain about the circle jerk happening and wonder why it is so present in your goddamn life...\n\nKthx for the downvotes guies!", "Do people not know what aged means in this context?", "I just turned 29 today. I must be fucking ancient", "Average age on reddit is 23. Have you applied for social security benefits yet grandpa?", "I'm too busy putting Prep-H on my asshole and telling kids to get off my lawn", "i put Prep-H on my lawn and tell kids to get off my asshole, because I'm insane", "Well, most games graphics don't *improve* as time goes on. \n\nMost games you play that are 2 years old don't look quite as good (with a subjective opinion) as they did when you first played it. Or, at the very least, they haven't changed at all. \n\nFor skyrim, the mods people have spent months and years developing have transformed it into a game with far better graphics than it was released with. Quite an amazing experience if you compare the original side by side with a heavily modded version. ", "Yes. That is how we perceive time. ", "\"Man, that was like 3 CoDs ago!\"", "It was 3 CoDs above the mean.", "[Hi](http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs35/f/2008/304/8/e/Pedo_Bear_Mask_by_BLTsalade.jpg)", "hi", "Yeah, I think Doom 3 would like to have a word with the op.", "I agree. Doom 3 with Parallax Occlousion Mapping and HD Textures and Mods looks better than 99% of todays games on maximum details.", "\"PC game\"", "what do the quotes imply? ", "Its not just a PC game. Skyrim was made for consoles too.", "Definitely, just wanted to make sure you weren't about to go full retard about how consoles are \"optimized\" or something haha. ", "DAE le 2011s?", "11/11 Lest We Forget.", "You know, Pokemon Gold and Silver came out only 2 years after Pokemon Red and Blue, and only 1 year after Pokemon Yellow, yet many people here claim that there're only 150 Pokemon and that anything beyond that doesn't exist.", "Thems fools don't even Mew. ", "well maybe they shouldn't have made a damned song of it on the cartoon show", "Madden games age before they even release.", "Apparently, I'm beyond aged.", "PC game console version dosent exist", "Hahaha this is what my friends and I pay at recess every day. Even our crafts teacher doesn't notice when we skip to play this in the common room.", "Graphics have not event moderately changed from then to now in terms of consoles. This post is bad and OP should feel bad! ", "2 Year in technology is pretty long tho.", "How a game \"ages\" is far more tied to its replay-ability and general fun gameplay mechanics more-so than how well it's graphics looks two years later.\nThere seems to be an underlying incorrect premises on this thread that suggests that graphics = quality of aging. \nThe fact that game continues to look awesome on PC + mods, and that it's still very fun via lower-res consoles is a win-win for whatever camp you're in. ", "No doubt. I'm playing through Chrono Trigger (for the first time) and this game is damn amazing!", "I don't think it's incorrect, I think it's looking at it from another angle.", "Actually the vanilla aged very poorly, if i have one complaint for bethesda its that i hate all the engines they use.", "I find their lack of environment shadows disturbing.", "what do you mean by \"environment shadows\"?\n\n...ambient occlusion?", "he means like shadows a tree makes or a bridge im guessing", "trees and bridges cast shadows in Skyrim", "I don't think they cast shadows on each other though.", "Trees definitely cast shadows onto bridges.", "I meant trees on trees.", "ah, you mean like the difference between [this](http://i.imgur.com/IyHRwSJ.jpg) and [this](http://static2.nexusmods.com/110/images/110/2808024-1337356192.jpg).  Huh, I didn't even notice that when I originally played vanilla.", "That's the way graphic advances usually work :P . Its always like: \"Everything is so photo realistic how can they even make games look better?\" And then they make the lighting more realistic in the next game.", "cool, what's the second mod? ", "Yes.", "I find your lack of upvotes disturbing. ", "&gt;I find your lack of upvotes disturbing.", "I find your FACE disturbing.", "You didn't need to go all out on him. He's only a boy!", "'All the engines'? You mean the ONLY one they use, right?\n\nEvery single time they reskin and release the same game.", "and i've yet to find someone who is unhappy", "Yeah. Before the high-res texture packs, [Skyrim on PC actually looked almost identical to consoles](http://i.imgur.com/fvPLAsZ.jpg) (minus the ability to run at super-high resolutions/use gobs of AA of course). Models/textures/lighting/draw distances were more or less identical across PC and consoles.", "Why bother trying to make it look better themselves when they know there's an army of modders who will do all the work for them.", "&gt;That... that's just crazy enough to actually work\n\n-Bethesda", "Yes. And then EQNext is taking it one step further...Having the fans create the actual content too...", "EQNext? Is that like... EQ?! :D", "It is.  https://www.everquestnext.com/\n\n", "Ah the nostalgia :)", "Well the only real reason they have to do anything is to sell more games.   Maybe they thought they would sell the same number of games either way, enhanced textures or no.  I would personally rather buy a game that I don't need to mod for any reason, aesthetic or otherwise.", "I'm thinking to some degree they foresaw that.\n\nWhat with the fact that modding skyrim is so easy.\n\n", "And also that it happened with the other three games they'd released in the past decade.", "It had to run on the X Box and Playstation was all. So they limited the graphics so you didn't have time to make a three course meal while the consoles loaded up the next environment area.\n\nWith 14 gig of mods, my Skyrim looked perfect...sadly couldn't do that much for the rule set they use.", "Yes, totally. Consoles are usually the limiting factor for development in demanding multiplatform titlesthere are things that are possible on PC that are outside of the reach of the consoles.", "People bitched about the graphics and the like because of it being limited so it would run on the consoles. But then again, Morrowind had to run on the original X-Box, and people still cum in their pants over that game, not because of the graphics but because of the storyline.\n\nSo you can't win. That said I have now gotten over my graphics snobbery and I am embracing my nostalgia in old games with isometric graphics.", "Morrowind did have any amazing story and setting, Oblivion and Skyrim are pretty lacking in that department. \n\nOblivion = Generic Fantasy World\n\nSkyrim = Blood Moon expansion but a whole world", "What is this that I'm looking at?  PC graphics are variable.  You can make Skyrim look *worse* on PC than on a console.\n\nBasically, I fail to see the significance in this picture.", "This screenshot was taken with the highest settings available on PC. The significance of this picture is that it shows that assets/lighting/textures are identical from PC to console.", "I think the top and bottom pic look great... ", "They are identical outside of gamma and some minor draw distance/time of day stuff. ", "I would say the xbox looks better in that case... Let the down votes come raining in", "It does, but only because of the Xbox's gamma. Every Xbox game has its contrast/colour saturation artificially boosted by the gamma settings built into the Xbox's OS.", "It hasn't aged poorly. It was never amazing to begin with. The environment looked pretty amazing, but the characters were always terrible. ", "I was really put off by the animations of bugs crawling on the tree stumps.  All I could think was *is this a joke??*\n\nIn general I was not impressed with the visuals on the PC.  Somehow it looked much better on my friends' Xbox + projector setup.\n\nEdit:  So many fans of [the ants!](http://youtu.be/hmJ1LojNE74?t=46s)  Seriously they didn't even animate the legs, it looks retarded.  ", "Do you have a shitty PC? You don't have to necessarily be impressed by the graphics, but even vanilla should look better than the 360 version.", "It could be that the console's resolution and the blur from the projector hid some of the imperfections in the game that were more present in higher resolution on a sharper/brighter screen.\n\n...or something.", "I had a nice PC when I was playing Skyrim.  2x 6950 2gb's, 1920x1200 screen.  \n\nThe game didn't look like it fit.  Especially the damn insects looked ridiculous.  Basically the resolution was too sharp for the textures, and it was jarring.  The game looked better on the projector because the resolution was lower, and everything was blown up big, and it just seemed like a better 'fit' aesthetically.  I'm forgetting the Seinfeld joke, but the game looked better to me when it was blurrier.", "couldn't you have tweaked your settings then? ", "The mods/texture packs weren't available yet.  And the Witcher 2 beckoned.  ", "You could just mod it to look 10x better.", "That's because the PC version is built on the foundation of limitations of the ps3 and 360. So no matter how nice the curtains are you're still in an 8 year old engine. ", "Damn really? It may be because I am used to console gaming and just got into pc gaming, but vanilla skyrim maxed out still impresses me.", "Go to skyrim nexus...start downloading every graphics enhancing mod...thank/curse me later.", "if you're actually going to do this, install one or two mods at a time, run the game to make sure it still works, then go on to the next one", "Yes this, you should be fine with pure texture mods that simply increase the resolution from 512s to 2048s. However anything that adds objects, people etc into the game, you have to do one at a time and double check.\n\nThat said I've only had problems in two areas, weather mods conflicting with lighting mods. And perk tree and general overhaul of the leveling system mods conflicting with patches.", "I would agree, actually. Thank God for the modability of pc games. The engine has huge potential, shown by how mods have been able to use it, but Bethesda's vanilla implementation is lacking. That said, I still love vanilla Skyrim in its own right.", "Skyrim has three strong points , for the fans : the lore is rich, the world is huge, and the graphic are beautifull.\n\nIts huge weakpoints, which haven't aged well at all, is that there is pretty much zero interactivity with the world, and the combat system is uninteresting. I don't play it anymore, it utterly bore me.", "The Elder Scrolls in a nutshell.\n\nSpoiler : It won't change in future instalment of the series.", "Uh.... Honestly, the lore is average at best, and the world is puny.\n\nYou can cross it in, what, a half hour?", "To be fair, just being on PC didn't make it super moddable.  The developers made a conscience effort to make it so, and it has paid off extremely well for them.", "True, but it wouldn't be possible on consoles (in any practical way at least) so being on PC definitely does matter for modability", "Yeah I worded that poorly, it is only possible on PC but not because of PC, was what I was getting at.  ", "Required, but not sufficient. :)", "&gt;Yeah I worded that poorly, it is only possible on PC but not because of PC, was what I was getting at. \n\nKinda yes it is. Bethesda don't really care about debugging their games properly before launch because they know people will do it themselves anyway (Un-Official 'Bethesda-game' Patch)", "Yeah, but still an enjoyable game on consoles, and Bethesda made a lot of money to keep making awesome games from the console players.", "That's not true though. The only reason games are not moddable on consoles is the developer/publisher making the conscious decision. One of the Unreal Tournament games on PS3 tried supporting modding. \n\nIt's just that, since a computer separate from the console would need to be used to create the mods and transfer the files over, and modding needs to be specifically supported per platform, it's likely much more burdensome to support mods on console games than PC. \n\nTldr, it's far from technologically impossible to support mods on console games, but potentially burdensome compared to PC.", "....Actually, it did. Mods were being released pretty quickly after Skyrim came out, even a couple of months before the Steam Workshop came out. They did make it easier, yes, but it was already possible before that.", "workshop was just the final part of the effort done by Bethesda to make modding easier/possible. A much larger portion of that work is in how they structured location and access to all the resources their engine loads.\n\nThere is plenty of PC games where modding is a nightmare because devs have put no effort into making anything in the build dynamic.\n\n", "Who even uses Steam Workshop who's into modding?", "I don't. I use the Nexus MM, which is much much better in my opinion. But I do think there's a gap between modders and non-modders that was blurred a bit when the Workshop was released. Instead of downloading a mod manager, people just needed Steam... which they already had with Skyrim. So it just balanced things a little better.\n", "Exactly this. Steam is a great way to introduce people to the world of modding. Before skyrim I had never modded a game. \n\nSteam introduced me to it, and although I quickly moved on to Nexus MM I never would have tried it if steam hadn't made the process so convenient within its own program. ", "That's why the title include \"PC\". You can mod it, unlike console peasantry.", "Please stop insulting console players. They have it hard enough already, being forced to play on console...", "I their animations. So stiff. ", "Seriously, their dog shit graphics look like a console game.", "I have to say CoD: Ghosts aged even better. For a 6 year old game with a couple new textures it looks decent even today.", "Zing! ", "i actually needed your zing to realize it was the newest call of modern warfare.", "&gt; aged\n\n&gt; two years\n\nSure. Okay.\n\nBut if we're going to do that, might as well add BF3 to that list. Still looks beautiful on ultra.", "OP has to get his LOOK IT'S A PC GAME karma before the circle jerk jerks itself right into nap time. ", "Console players can't get their heads around anything less than 7 years old being considered dated :(", "No. No one thinks 2 years is dated. The only reason this thread exists is because of the idiotic tantrum going on in /r/gaming right now. Skyrim doesn't look dated because it is using on the newest engines in the industry. It doesn't look dated because it isn't dated. \n\nOn consoles and PCs games will still look dated over time. Oblivion is dated and Skyrim isn't. Both came out on the PS3. Uncharted looks dated compared to Last of Us. \n\nthe thing is, 2 years is not an aged game no matter what system you play on.", "Skyrim is using Gamebryo, which is freakin' ancient.", "Technology wise, 2 years is a long time.", "Sure, if people are using that technology to do something. However, no one has really been pushing engines that much further over that time. Battlefield 4 is the most we've gotten out of that two years. While it looks amazing, it really is the only thing that pushes gaming beyond Skyrim by any amount. ", "Consoles have held back the development of bigger and better engines which restrict our games. ", "Okay, sure. Whatever you think. Never you mind that engines have been developed within console generations and are constantly improving. Go ahead an believe in the console devil. Oblivion looks just like Skyrim after all.\n\nYou know what consoles actually have done? They've made it so developers have gotten better at optimizing their engines to get more out of less hardware. They've then used that to boost PC performance even more. The want for multi-port releases has improved gaming for everyone.", "Optimizing the same thing for 8 years isn't a good thing. They optimized the 360 and PS3 and now the system is COMPLETELY different. Now they are going to do that again? Upgrading is the best way to work because it allows for better change.", "You are discussing hardware upgrades not engine upgrades. There is absolutely no way that developers would be able to write entirely new engines every year to keep up with upgrading technology. New engines take time to write and make. Upgrading and optimizing current engines while working on new ones would be the standard even if there were no consoles. \n\nTo think that Skyrim is dated after two years is just ignorant of the industry in general. It has nothing to do with PC versus console. It has to do with development of engines taking time.", "If it were optimized for PC (Bethesda games especially), we wouldn't be bothered by it. Game Devs optimize it for outdated resources first so we get the dumbed down old version of a game. Skyrim could have been HUGE and had amazing physics with longer quests that reached beyond Skyrim. But consoles had to exist and look what happened to the game. Do you think any of the cities in that game are actual cities? They have 20 people and a few stores. If it were designed for PC we would have actual cities that are huge and people could actually interact with the environment. ", "Except Oblivion can look 10x better than PS3/360 Skyrim ever will. Plus Skyrim on the PC even without the high-res pack (which isn't even a mod) looks better than it does on the consoles. \n\nWelcome to the master-race, how may we take your order.", "You can't compare a  fully-modded PC oblivion to an unmodded console Skyrim, that's just stupid.", "Dude grow up", "You read what I posted and took it seriously.  Surely you know better than this? or is this your first internets?", "I'd hardly call a 2 year old game aged.", "On the PC?  Sure.  Not terribly, but in those 2 years, you've had a couple of cycles of new hardware, bits of software, and a bunch of other games get released.  Sure, for a great game with longevity, 2 years is still just the beginning.  But tons of games are largely ignored within 2 years and developers are hoping to have a sequel out in that time.  If anything you can say it's aged because it's definitely not new any more.  ", "Nah", "He didn't.   It's aging though just like everything on Earth is. ", "He should put a screenshot of Battlefield 4 and say, \"Battlefield 4 is a PC game that aged well the past 3 weeks\".", "[deleted]", "So what you are saying is the PS4 is an aged console since bread from last week is probably getting stale now?", "[deleted]", "I guess its just hard to wrap your brain around stupidity of that magnitude. ", "[deleted]\n", "I got it on 360 a little after it came out, it blew my mind.  I had to put it away for a while due to time constraints, blew off the dust only recently, and started it up again.  Yup, it still rocks!\n\nNote: I know what this is all about, and I look forward to the time when I can play on a PC.  That in no way takes away from my enjoyment of playing now. Have fun everybody, they're video games for goodness sake!", "It only aged well on PC. It looks like shit on consoles.", "It only ever looked good with mods.", "Yeah, kind of looked like shit on PC as well without hi-res textures and some other mods.\n\nWell, maybe shit is a bit extreme given the quality of the art direction.  But a lot of those textures were hideous.  As well as problems with draw distance and generally limited geometric complexity.", "They released a free HD texture pack DLC on steam\n\n", "When I first modded Skyrim I was amazed... Until I stepped outside the inn  in Falkreath and was met by a support beam who's textures must have been missed in the 'High-res texture pack' that came with Legendery Edition. I actually got a fright thinking \"Woah! What IS that?\". Then I lost it when Lydia said \"OH!\" all surprised and such XD", "Wait, I thought we were supposed to hate the mods.", "Not really, do you even high-resolution texture pack? (Which is NOT a mod, it acts like one, but it's made by Bethesda and is a free 1-click install off of Steam). ", "Well, the lighting engine is just bad. No amount of high resolution textures and lighting mods will fix that. ", "ELFX and RLO do a pretty good job with the lighting.", "This.  The game didn't age that well.  The mod community has been keeping it looking young and fresh.", "Modding communities are *part* of the experience of a game. DOn't discount them.", "On the contrary I was saying the mod community deserves the credit here.\n\nJust noticed all these replies are to you, we might not be effective in communicating with each other :P. I'm trying to agree with you for the most part lol", "Haha. I see. No worries.", "Gotta make some sacrifices for it to be a cross-platform title.", "Yeah. Gotta lower the bar to optimize for consoles. I'm not trolling or anything, that's *literally* what happened. \n", "Can we all just remember that The Elder Scrolls games are primarily about huge open worlds and non linear gameplay and going on random killing sprees just because you can (after saving of course).\n\nDont see why theres all this butthurtness about how good or bad the graphics were when it came out, especially since the graphics were loads better than oblivion. \n\nTL;DR: Content&gt;Graphic Quality. ", "because the butthurtness is completely separate from Skyrim. there's a reason the whole thread (and subreddit) is a big console vs pc-gasm right now. ", "Before posting I was unaware of the drama going on right now. I just saw this thread on my front page and clicked into it. Right now im in the process of learning how far down the rabbit hole goes...", "wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too far. I think I need to take a break from r/gaming for a week or so. I game mostly on PC but at the same time... what is *this*? ", "It's PC v imaginary console people. The latter are absent and couldn't care less.", "Huge open worlds with small paths that you take to get to medium sized towns \n\nWith many dungeons with linear gameplay, room clearing and puzzles some of which are just reused spread across the world\n\nas well as the occasional random shed house farm stable outpost and encounter", "Just like real life.", "When the content is the same in all the platforms, what else are you going to use to gauge quality? That's right. Graphics.", "starting with Oblivion they *did* start putting an emphasis on graphics.", "The content could be bigger, longer, and better. The map and quests could be better along with physics.", "Well I'm not going to tell you that your opinion is wrong, it is just that, and opinion. I was more than satisfied with the size and scope of the game, and while we as humans are programmed to always want more, I don't think Skyrim would have necessarily benefited from being to large.", "I just upgraded my PC yesterday so technically Skyrim just got younger for me, than it's ever been :)", "True that bro. I'm so glad I can mod my PC games and upgrade my hardware to avoid that.", "I see what's going on here =)", "I too, can see what's going on here due to the superior display capabilities of my Personal Computer. If I was browsing on a console, this would all be a blur.", "Can confirm, had to blow dust off ps3 to check. PC displays it far more clearly.", "Can confirm, am blown dust", "So, what you're saying, is that /u/Fox_Tango blew you?", "And that /u/Fox_Tango only blew him so he could use his ps3? What a stale relationship.", "Oh yes. I too see it, thanks for the high resolution of dual monitors. God forbid I should have to see what's happening on a console, huehuehue", "This whole affair is starting to get really fucking pathetic.", "Don't worry. Be happy ;)", "I don't think consoles can handle blur, too much antialiasing required", "As a pc gamer, I still think you're all a bunch of circle jerking idiots.", "Seriously... what the fuck is going on with all these threads explicitly mentioning PCs? This is ridiculous. It's like they're trying to save the PC from being cancelled like a TV show.", "I think a mod pissed someone off by removing a thread about GPUs or something and then everyone started circlejerking.", "Ah. Thanks for the explanation. I was feeling completely out of the loop. This is weirder than the banana for scale thing. I feel like my job is getting in the way of my keeping up with this shit.", "You can't judge how well a game has held up if you're modding it. That's like talking about how well your coach in your room has held up over the years when you're going back and constantly reupholstering it. ", "Well there's a good point, actually. If the internal structure of the couch is still comfortable and solidly built, and all you've had to do is reupholster it? Then yes, that's a pretty good couch.\n\nIt speaks to the game's engine that it can be modded and still stay up with current standards. And you might say \"well that's not the case, modding it has nothing to do with the engine\" just look at Doom, or Quake. Those games have been modded and ported to death, but they are obviously dated. Good games? yes. But graphically, very dated.\n\nSo it shows how good and flexible the gameplay and engine is of Skyrim when it still has the ability to shine against current games.", "That's some really sound logic there. You are talking about a difference of 20 and 17 years respectively. Let's see how skyrim holds up even with diminished returns with 17 years passing by. ", "Alright then. Look at 2 year old games that don't have mods for them, I'll bet you they don't hold up as well.", "You're not referring to the engine or gameplay mechanics though. You posted a picture to show how pretty it is, which can't be judge if you're modding it to update the textures and what not. You showed us a picture so we'd think, \"Man, that looks pretty damn good for a game that's a few years old\", which we can't really say because that is no longer the product that came from the developers to you. So it would be like commenting on how nice your couch \"looks\" for being 15 years old when you just had it reupholstered two weeks ago. I have nothing against modding and I understand the virtues of why PC games are better because of them. I'm just saying it's silly to compliment an aesthetically modded game for how well it has kept up over the years. ", "Well said", "Yup! Playing Dark Souls with 1900 resolution, higher textures and funny bug fixes all thanks to mods.", "You mean to do your taxes.", "Instead of two years, I usually give a PC game around 4 to judge it's graphics.", "Could we say that were at its half-life then?", "No. That's not what that means.", "It looks meh on PC without modding. The UI is terrible stock on PC, as well. ", "SkyUI fixes that ", "Yes, it does. Do you know what SkyUI is? A mod. ", "nah, looks way the fuck better on a $200 console than on a $200 PC. ", "Fuck you guys i could understand you at first but you are getting out of hand so go and fuck your self", "Alright, enough. I'm so tired of this superior gaming race shit. We all play the same quests, talk to the same NPCs and fight the same monsters no matter what you play on. Sure, there are mods for PC versions of games, but there would also be mods for consoles as well if people put the effort into it and if there were no laws or restrictions or policies it would be THAT much easier. \n\n\nGaming platforms are a lot like cars. You have a Mustang, I have a Prius, and he has an old beat-up minivan. We're all driving on the gaming highway so cut the road rage bullshit. ", "&gt;Sure, there are mods for PC versions of games, but there would also be mods for consoles as well if people put the effort into it and if there were no laws or restrictions or policies it would be THAT much easier.\n\n[http://i.imgur.com/elsWNhP.gif](http://i.imgur.com/elsWNhP.gif)", "You don't take your gaming as seriously so your opinion doesn't matter. Go take your priorities and your social life elsewhere. This is now a forum for those who define their importance by how powerful their \"rig\" is.", "Except yours is holding mine back.", "Majority rules? I don't even know if console people are in the majority or not...this is just the usual motto. ", "Console players are willing to pay more for an inferior product so they will keep doing it. It's common sense", "Except for a decent amount don't use it for the same purposes that PC gamers do.  Having the easy ability to play multiplayer at the same location as well the newer generations having more media capabilities.  Also, I mostly pay for the convenience of playing with my friends and not having to worry about upgrading my computer(or worrying about if my comp can run it). ", "My computer runs Skyrim on High/Ultra and, with the exception of a $150 video card I bought a year and a half ago, was built over 6 years ago and was *not* a \"high-end\" machine by any stretch.\n\nI max out Borderlands 2.  Run Tomb Raider at near max.  Run Farcry 3 at near max.  This is all on 6 year old hardware.\n\nI can understand the convenience of a console in that all you have to do is plug it in to a television, but really, this meme that you have to constantly upgrade PCs is *so* outdated it's not even funny.  I've been building PCs since the late 90's and, yes, back in those days, you *did* have to buy a new video card to play the newest games, but it hasn't been that way for a **long** time.\n\nNobody would even care except for the fact that consoles are holding back the PC in terms of gaming capability.  It's ridiculous when a AAA title comes out and the only graphic options on PC are a resolution slider and \"low/medium/high\" for quality.", "I don't know where you guys are getting these video cards and upgrades for so cheap.  I search a lot of different places and the cards that upgrade from mine are at least that amount and they wouldn't run a lot of recent games on Ultra. ", "newegg.com?  That's where I buy all my computer stuff...\n\nI bought a Radeon 7770 in September 2012 for $150 to replace my pair of 4670's (which were a little outdated even when I built my computer back in '07 but I figured running them in Crossfire would give them longer legs) but other than that my rig is identical to what it was back in '07.  Still running a Q6600 Core2Quad at 2.4GHz, still only have 4GB of DDR2800 memory, still have the 7200RPM 500GB hard drive...none of the stuff on my build was particularly good, but the thing is, *that doesn't matter*, because thanks to consolification, these games are being designed to run on the ancient hardware of the consoles so even the most shit-tier computers can play them.\n\nThere's trade-offs, of course...on Skyrim there are a lot of settings to tweak so you can really make the game look the best it can on your given hardware, but having seen Skyrim on my *extremely* modest rig, and seen it on the 360, even a cheap-o POS computer blows the console away in terms of quality.  The extra draw distance alone is ridiculous.  I've got it modded to hell, to boot, so it looks *very, very* nice, but even vanilla, the game looks so much better on the PC, as do most cross-platform games.\n\nBorderlands 2 I have at the maximum settings, with the exception of the PHYSX, which I have on medium (and really only makes things seem more 'fluid', not necessarily any better, and is an easy trade-off for framerate).  Tomb Raider was a little more demanding, but still, looks **damn** nice on my PC, compared to the 360 version friends have.\n\nI also play with a controller (most games support them these days), and my computer monitor is a 40\" television.  My experience is pretty much identical to a console (especially now with Big Picture Mode on Steam), except it looks tons better and I can also do other shit when I'm not gaming.  Not only that, but Steam Sales...omfg...I paid like $17 for Tomb Raider.  I bought Skyrim for $30 over a year ago.  I bought Colonial Marines for $4.99 a few months ago (even though it sucks...for $5, it was worth a try).  Then there's the tons and tons of F2P MMOs out there...\n\nI mean, yeah, it'll cost more than $400 to build a PC capable of playing modern games...but man do you save the money on the back end when you're buying them.  I haven't paid $60 for a game in a *loooong* time, the last being Borderlands 2 because I just **had** to have that on launch day.", "Yeah, I get all of those points and they are valid.  Another problem of mine, though(and it's the big one), is that almost all of my friends from college aren't computer savvy at all and this is the best way to keep in touch and play games with them.  I'll easily throw down the money for a console for the ease/fun of that. ", "I bet it could look like that on the PS4.", "You're funny", "I'm doing another playthrough on my PS3 now, I have to avoid water at all costs because it just crashes the console. Love the game though.", "Deleting the patch data and reinstalling will solve the issue. :) ", "Fuck that, role-play a vampire.", "Can confirm! Source: I have it on con- woah woah woah woah. Skyrim may look breathtaking on PC and way way better than compared to console ill give you that but many a night was filled with my adventuring in that gorgeous land. Even if it does come close to PC graphics can you at least give them props for how good it DOES look on console? It wasn't like they butchered it, especially when you haven't experienced it on PC before.", "It looks way less good on consoles, but I wouldn't call it \"shit\". ", "I hope this PC circlejerk never ends.  I'm loving it.", "I still think [Crysis](http://imageshack.us/a/img197/6195/crysis2013040116423367.png) looks fantastic for being **6** years old now.", "Is it been 6 years already? O_O", "Not to mention the amazing gameplay and storyline. Best of the two I've played", "the story was by far the worst part", "Ooor the best part ", "I love this sweet modded game I took a screenshot of while its running at 4 FPS, looks great!", "Meanwhile Crysis is SIX years old:\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v5KbZgQ0gY", "This is modded.", "That's the reason that Skyrim aged well too.", "Yep. Modded, but perfectly playable like this.", "Games age well on PC because of mods. Otherwise, it's much less graceful. ", "To be fair, 6 years ago you wouldn't have gotten more than single-digit fps with those settings.", "Six years ago those settings did not exist. Crysis \"aged well\" for the same reason Skyrim is \"aging well\"; they both have active modding communities.", "Even the highest settings without any mods were unplayable.", "By most? Yes. For someone with something like a QX9650 and an HD3870? No. Not only could they play it at the highest settings, they had solid framerates doing it. I had a worse system (not by much) and ran the game just fine maxed out. Crysis was demanding, but that's been seriously overblown. A large part of that is that the recommended specs should have been the minimum specs due to the bad optimization.\n\nCould my system have ran these mods though? Nope. They also didn't exist, though, which is the point.", "Maxed out details, 1920x1200, 4xAA wasn't possible without slowdown at launch from what I remember.\n\nEdit: I just checked it, a 3870 had 10fps in those settings. http://ht4u.net/reviews/2008/amd_radeon_hd4850/index31.php \n\nOnly with the GTX 280 you got over 30.", "1. I played at 1920x1080. 16:10 is a silly aspect ratio.\n2. You're misrepresenting what that site actually says (10fps instead of 20fps).\n3. They used the 512mb HD3870 instead of the 1gb version.\n4. I'm not seeing a mention of the CPU used, which makes these numbers entirely useless (admittedly my Deutch ist nicht sehr gut...).", "1. I think there were at the most a handful of computer screens in 2007 with a 16:9 1080p resolution\n2. I said with AA. 20fps is without AA. Enabled the framerate drops to 9.9 fps\n3. No way that make the difference between playable and unplayable in this scenario (framerate would need to tripple)\n4. CPU was a Intel Core 2 Extreme X6800. Crysis was VERY GPU-dependent anyway, you needed a good CPU, but bottleneck was pretty much always the graphiccard\n\nI'm not sure what you played it at, but surely not without lag at max details, full-hd and 4xAA on a HD3870.", "1. While 1080p didn't become standard until around 2009, it had been around on monitors for a few years prior. My first 1080p monitor was bought in late 2006.\n2. There isn't sufficient data on that site to make that claim.\n3. Relies on unsupported assertions in point 2.\n4. The X6800 is a much weaker CPU than the QX9650. You can not simply assume that this has no baring.\n\nI maintained close to 30fps with my rig, which was plenty playable. \"Without lag\"? Of course not. I had frames dropped and stuttering occasionally as you would expect with any game that poorly optimized. In fact I'm fairly sure that my current rig would still have major drops in framerate due to it; they would simply exist above the 120hz range so wouldn't be noticed during play. Back then did it make it unplayable? Nope. Was it distracting? Not really.", "that music makes me jizz", "Of course it does, it's from Ocarina of Time.", "Yeah. Talk about aging well man, that game is still amazing graphically.", "Funny I though I put 300 hours into a console version, must have imaged it.", "Nah bro what are you talking about? Skyrim is a pc game.", "Nuh-uh. It has not been two years. I refuse....", "It's 2 fucking years. For fucks sake this sub has the most retarded people. I would assume it's mostly due to children. Two years isn't a long time.", "Meh. Its a beautiful and fun world to *explore* but the gameplay and combat is so static and boring. ", "I agree. If you had said that two years ago, r/gaming would have hanged you from the tallest tree.", "I never saw the draw of Oblivion either. Both games I only kept playing for the hype. Great to explore, but its like, all I did if I wasn't a thief or a mage was hack  at shit till it died. Never been a big fan. ", "I Think it looks pretty damn good on console-though not as good as PC. Honestly though, I play ES games for the depth, not the surface value. I used to be one of those kids who played videogames ALL DAY. I'm 23 now, and I find that the only games I can really get into are ES games and the Fallout games...... Halp..... seriously any good suggestions for immersive gameplay? ", "Bethesda games are really on a level of their own.", "God I know. I just want to waste 100's of hours in a fantasy world not bettering any aspect of my real life! Is that so much to ask? Damn these sub par game developers\n", "Check out he STALKER series. ", "PC only :( my computer is 7 years old, so I don't think it would be very happy with me if I tried to play this.", "They are pretty old at this point, relative to technology advancements, you should be able to play them fine.\n\nMin specs on shadow of Chernobyl are GeForce 5700/ATI Radeon 9600", "[Well this came out 6 years ago](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S.T.A.L.K.E.R.:_Shadow_of_Chernobyl) so you should be able to play it fairly easily.", "This is good news... Amazon, here I come!", "Dark souls.", "I disagree, I have no clue why people have such a boner over this game. I don't find it immersive or anything like ES games. NPCs are bland and irritating and the overall story seems vague. It is a pretty game and it's hard yes, but I don't see the hype. IMHO.\nThis will probably get downvoted because I disagree with the hivemind but that is just my opinion.", "I would provide a well written, thoughtful reply to your comment, but by looking at your recent comment history, it just looks like you are having a bad day.  I'll settle for keeping my opinion and you can keep yours.  Cheers!", "Why are you looking through my comment history? Lol I just really don't like the game as much as everyone else, it's not a big deal.", "Your reply was snarky, so I checked to see if you were a troll.", "oh haha, no I really want to know why people love this game.", "ok, here's what I like so far (@4 kings 1st playthrough):  \n- challenging but rewarding combat   \n- exploration-based, nonlinear gameplay  \n- well balanced weapons and gear choices  \n- variety of character builds\n- variety of enemies with different strengths/weaknesses  \n- bosses fights are generally awesome  \n- seamless, opt-in coop and pvp  ", "This shows me that you've played very and know very little about this game.", "No I actually own it. I just don't enjoy it. Sorry my opinion of this game is not the same as yours.", "I didn't say you were wrong for enjoying it, but the story is anything but vague. The hype comes because it's so well put to together in many, many aspects.", "I know this link isn't skyrim... but let me remind you: http://i.imgur.com/Jn8ERft.jpg", "Shiiit, my computer has enough troubles playing it with it looking like the consoles shot...", "Seriously? Downvotes? Skyrim is terrible without texture packs...", "The horse is dead and his ashes have been fired into space.", "Crysis came in 2007 and looks 4 times better", "Its an Bethesda product. All their games continue to grow and evolve due to the community they support. ", "2 isn't enough time for a game to \"age\".", "You can downvote me all you want... I guess this is an unpopular opinion since I don't see it much here...\n\nBut I was not impressed with Skyrim's graphics at launch and was bummed out they did not push them because of console limitations. (Square ropes, low res textures, low res and square hands, flat 2d tree vegetation in a few clumps through out the tree, etc.)\n\nTrue with graphic mods you can make it damn near realistic, but credit for that goes to the community not Skyrim as a product.", "Skyrim is 2 years old already? O.o\n\nI feel old. Also, what have I been doing for the last 2 years of my life?", "I love this PC game! Damn, Pc can run-\n\n^^/u/ownage516  ^^has ^^been ^^banned ^^from ^^/r/gaming ", "Yeah go and fuck your self", "I can't tell if this title is a joke, but two years isn't really a long time ago.  And as graphics get better and better...well 2 years won't mark much of a difference, as they don't now.", "Oblivion was better.\n", "Oblivion had some great quests, but the world was boring. Now Morrowind ...", "TES games should ONLY be played on PC, without mods its just not as good. One play through without, fine. But replayabilty comes when you can radically change the world at whim.", "No its still enjoyable on console.", "This is true. I put 100+ hours into Skyrim on 360 before I built my PC, and I loved every minute. While it's a fun game in general, if you have a PC capable of running Skyrim(any potato usually will pretty well), I would recommend it for the mods alone. Skyrim as a base game is a lot of fun, but really should only be bought for console if that's your only option. \n\nI think the circlejerk is now just unreasonable. ", "Im not saying its not enjoyable. Im just saying it can be massively better. I played morrowind, then oblivion on XBOX. A was always in the thought, meh, it cant be much better on PC. Then I built a gaming PC and modded Oblivion on it. I can never go back. There is time when we cant mod PC games like the first few months that there is no content, you have the choice to play vanilla or wait for content then buy. Its great to have choices really. Not have to be stuck with Horse armor and the orrrey shit on XBLA", "I wish I had 300+ hours to do two playthroughs of Skyrim. Still on Hour 40 or 50 and I've had it since June.", "My wife was preggers when it came out, so other then work and school, thats all I did. But really 300+ hours is nothing for a TES game, you have to realize that. I remember people playing over 1k in Morrowind.", "Are there any skyrim graphic mods that don't hurt performance too much? I have an 8gig g73j hd5870m laptop so its not the best but I can max out vanilla skyrim.", "I don't know for sure now(as i haven't been keeping up on the scene). But if you figure out what you like most out of visuals you can surly find a good middle ground for you. Ex. LOD, AA, Ground Textures, reflections, foliage, sky textures, FOV", "I, too, enjoy playing **PC** games on my **PC**", "Oh god yes! \rI got my rig up lately, today i installed about 30 different mods to skyrim, and I must say:\rThe change from medium to ultra, with HD is quite impressive.. Quite impressive..", "Has it been 2 years already? God damn time, slow the fuck down.", "Mods are awesome!", "There are a lot of examples of PC games that, thanks to mods, keep looking amazing: Skyrim, MS flight simulator, etc.  Are there any awesome, moddable driving games though?  (Other than Grand Theft Auto)\n", "Aged? lmao", "Not saying it's a bad looking game. But the engine is extremely dated and basically the same as the Oblivion engine which is what 12 years old? The fact that is runs shadows off the processor is still extremely disappointing. I hope they go with what they said for Skyrim, saying it was a new engine, and actually make a new one for their next FO or ES game.", "How do you get the graphics to look this good? On max settings mine doesn't look nearly as good as this.", "DAE remember skyrim? Fuck, I'm old! ", "This is the 12th post on the frontpage about skyrims graphics in the past days.  Comeon guys we can do better, we need more skyrim!", "I completed the game as two handed warrior... On console... Before my account got highjacked. Now I don't know if I want to play the game all over again. ", "Skyrim is a PC game that has modded well in two years.", "Skyrim: the first game to look better after release, thank you steam workshoppers :)", "honest statement - I always found this game somewhat boring, but I haven't doodled with the mods. Any suggestions? I have a lot of the expansions.", "is this all r/gaming is now screenshots of skyrim on pc", "I haven't played this since the first 3 months it was out. What are some of the 'must have' mods and texture packs now?", "Thanks be to mod.", "This is literally the top post on /r/circlejerk.", "If alot of games had their developers give the modders there tools to make the game.... alot more games would be like this (if there good)", "It's a good thing you told /r/gaming what Skyrim was, I think it's pretty obscure", "This highlights just how quickly things are moving forward in gaming; 2 years is a reference point for something *dated* in gaming. It's crazy!", "Titanfall has aged really well you guise.", "Games that have actually aged well:\n\n-Team Fortress 2 (circa 2007)\n\n-Super Smash Brothers Melee (circa 2001)", "Of course its gonna age well. If it has mods it'll look amazing in the next few decades. Look at morrowind", "Still waiting for this to go on sale.", "Really? When I started playing it again on my new PC (very powerful) and while still great I found that I could tell the background was much closer than It seemed before. \n\nBy that I mean the devs spent a huge amount of time using optical illusions to make things look bigger and further apart than they really are. But somehow my improved graphics seem to have dispelled this on my screen. I can clearly tell how short the throat of the world is and how small what I used to consider big areas are.\n\nAlthough, to be fair, ive played 200 hours of arma 3 since I first played Skyrim, its map is much bigger so it dwarfs skyrim. Again, still great game. ", "Let's wait a few years. Morrowind aged poorly mostly because of the combat, Oblivion aged well, it's way too early to tell about Skyrim.", "TBH while there is much eye candy in Skyrim but that's pretty ordinary looking screenshot.", "As long as you don't look at anything up close.", "Skyrim was built for the xbox, hence the shittydefault graphics. Its a console game.", "Wow, yeah 2 years", "Valve circlejerking aside, Half Life 2 would like a word with you.", "To be fair, it's loaded up with tons of mods most times. It's like old actresses charged with Botox and plastic surgery \"aging well\".", "Something about those clouds makes it look like it's been modded.", "Oblivion was better, I swear...", "I think Skyrim looks nice, and has a beautiful landscape, but people are always posting about how good the graphics are, and I just don't see it. Maybe on ultra with a shit ton of mods I might be able to understand. But no one ever seems to post a pic of that, and my PC is a toaster and can barely run it on minimal.", "Hmm... needs more mods", "I get what's going on in this sub (PCS ARE FOR GAMING TOO!) but skyrim was not exclusively a PC game. While on a PC is the optimal way to experience this game, as a person who has clocked over 100 fun-filled hours into this game on his PS3, labeling Skyrim, in this context, as a \"PC game\" i feel is unfair.", "Welcome to the most recent circlejerk OP.", "Come back to us in...I dunno...10 years and then we'll see if it still holds up.", "I just restarted it on my PC. I'm going to actually follow the plot this time. I'm glad I was able to increase the FOV and disable the head bob on my PC.", "I just started playing it, and while it is really addictive in a Farmville/Animal Crossing-y \"look at all the stuff I can get\" sort of way, it's really kind of crummy in the gameplay department. Imho.  \n\nAnd I've been playing these since Arena.\n\nIt's just so repetitive in its storytelling and quest structure and combat mechanics. I've probably put in 15 hours, and have been told that I'm \"the chosen one\" foretold in prophesies from half a dozen sects, guilds or gentleman's clubs. I know it's just a video game, but it feels especially masturbatory in how often it needs to tell you how you are the most important dude(tte) ever. \n\nAnd it's so damn buggy/poorly thought out/inconsistent that it really kills the immersion. \n\nMy follower (I can't remember her name, even though she's standing right behind me and if I got off my phone and looked up at the screen I could figure it out. Her personality is kind of like one of those bags of flour you are supposed to pretend is a baby in grade school, except she gives me 'tude if I ask her to hold something) was standing in the middle of that ritual with the beard guys whose voices are supposed to kill anyone but me. She kind of fixed her hair and shrugged it off. \n\nAnd now I have this fucking dog who can't get killed, and makes a great shield I guess, but has this really awful habit of pushing me off cliffs and staircases. \n\nAnd standing in doorways. And I just have to wait for him to move. Like villagers in Dragon's Quest 1 for the NES. When it was still called Dragon Warrior. 25 years ago.\n\nThere are so many things that they tell you are very important that nothing seems really important. These days, give me a Demon's Souls/Dark Souls with named weapons that seem like they have a history, different places that look like different places, combat mechanics that care about what you do, and NPCs that tell a story by what they do. Show don't tell and all that. \n\nI guess it's pretty if you fix it. But game design and art direction make games good. Bethesday has improved their tech a ton over the years. But not those two. ", "I don't understand the cult of Skyrim.  When I finally got a computer that could play Skyrim on blast I was completely underwhelmed by how utterly lifeless it was.  Skyrim is a great hiking simulator.  You can tell by how many screenshots people take of trees/sky.\n\nDespite my character being some kind of Dragon Jesus, the game still made me feel like I was a ghost floating in a boring wooded universe that I could hardly affect except by depopulating it.  You're encouraged to do quests in a disorienting order that made me forget what I was doing half the time.  You just do whatever is closest, anything to cut down on the goddamn hiking, and in between each task you always run into 2 or 3 caves/ruins/whatever that you have to go and kill everybody inside for --most of the time-- very little reward.  \n\nAfter a while I just couldn't keep going.  I could spend two hours and most of it would have been mindless, lifeless grinding and hiking; something I expect more from a mediocre MMORPG.  It seemed like such a waste that so early in the game you're given a companion and yet Lydia, like your character, practically doesn't exist.  There are so many examples of what just ONE interesting character (let alone several) can do for an otherwise average game and developers have really latched onto that idea, but apparently not for Skyrim.", "&gt; And it's so damn buggy/poorly thought out/inconsistent that it really kills the immersion.\n\nThis was my thought when I saw this post as well. I wouldn't say that a game has \"aged well\" if it still has a significant number of bugs. I also don't think it has received any patch love in a year.\n\nMy very first experience when I started playing Skyrim a couple months ago (Steam summer sale FTW) was sitting in a cart during the opening scene for 10 minutes waiting for something to happen so I could start playing. I gave up and had to start over.", "Skyrim is also a game that's just... Okay. Not really as memorable as I would hope but okay.", "How did you play it?", "with both hands", "That's the problem. You're only supposed to use one- I thought everyone knew that.\n\nAlso, if you just play vanilla and try to beat the game, I think it will get boring about as quickly as a GTA game can get boring. But if you play as a character (Use a build, a knight that uses 2h weapons and heavy armor, a thief that uses light armor, daggers, and potions, etc, only doing certain questlines instead of being the leader of EVERY faction) it makes the game a lot more immersive and limits what you can do on one playthrough. If you play like that, then replays will feel like almost a new game every time and it feels a lot more fun. If I didn't do all that, I would probably not have played more than 30 or 40 hours.", "I haven't played it yet. But it looks like a pretty fun menu navigation simulator. ", "How about you post a screenshot without the game being modded?", "FUCKING STOP IT YOU CANCEROUS FLOUNDERS. THIS IS NOT AN AGED GAME. YOU ARE LITERALLY FINDING AN EXCUSE TO FAP OVER SKYRIM YOU DISEASED PIECES OF FILTH THAT PLAGUE THIS COMMUNITY WITH HIVEMINDED GENERIC POSTS.\n\nTHIS PICTURE ISN'T EVEN FUCKING PRETTY.\n\nFUCK.", "Wrong, Skryim isn't just a PC game. Stop circle jerking.", "lololol \n\n you so silly op", "Ugly art design all around. Never was and never will be impressed. ", "elbows too pointy, six out of ten at best", "Environments look alright... I will give it that but character models look fucking terrible. No idea how there's next to no backlash. ", "Skyrim on PC and boring PC station pictures seem to be the karma trains of the day", "Are there any amazing distance rendering mods yet? \n\nI remember they came out with one fairly quickly, but I still found it a bit subpar. Trees in the distance still looked all consoley.", "Well the uGrids tweak always did this from day one as it did in previous games... your FPS / stability however took a turn for the worse.", "After a quick Googling, it seems people found it to be unstable. If that means save corruption, not sure that's the best course of action. My original question is sincere, though. I love Skyrim graphics with mods, but the distance rendering just ruined the feel for me. Amazing textures and details, but glance off into the distance and all you see is a flat texture and random clunky trees.", "Could you make a list of all your mods please?", "Games only really age well on the PC I think", "Maybe if you Mod it. Skyrim was not that great looking at launch", "Skyrim is a PC game whose *Mods* have enabled it to age well in two years\n\nFTFY", "Holy shit kill yourself if you think 2 years is aged ", "Will this \"omg Skyrim\" circlejerk ever end?  That game is boring as hell.  Couldn't play it for more than 10 minutes.", "Thats because Skyrim is amazing.", "It still looks shit unmodded", "COMPUTERS ARE GAY #XBOX #SWAG #YOLO", "What part of the map is that?", "love this game the day it came out and have been loving it ever since. game is fantastic. graphics are fantastic as well. PC gamer here.", "Yea, but the core gameplay was repetitive. The \"simplified\" enchanting and spell making meant you could only do cookie cutter combinations. In Morrowind you could make custom armor that kills everyone in the vicinity if one person strikes you. ", "When's the next Skyrim?! That's what I wanna know. Can't believe it's been 2 years.", "Crosspost to r/earthporn pls XD", "Too bad it's no fun too play.", "Just add bout 200 mods and its sudo crysis level.", "You mean pseudo. \"sudo\" is a linux command.", "sudo: crysis: command not found", "Wow, it's been two years already?  Fuck, I'm old.", "I haven't completed it yet. Got distracted by GTA V.\n\nGTA V is a big disappointment :-(.\n\nWill be picking up Skyrim again.", "And I still haven't finished it", "Especially with mods.  Speaking of mods, you can look at this [site](http://www.tesgeneral.com/) if you want mod recommendations.  The website has modding guides for Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim.  It's fairly new and I believe they finished the Skyrim guide recently.\n", "It's a video game, not a bottle of whiskey.\n\n", "Holy crap it's been two years since this was released?", "the sexy defeat mod is fun... give ya that.", "oh come on, this one isn't even a pc only game, r/gaming is becoming unbearable. image of game + PC in the title = instant karma", "Lol why do people who play on the computer talk so much shit? Congrats, you fucking payed more money than console players for higher quality. I am not sure why they even compare them. It's like buying a Lambo and making fun of others for driving a mustang. Nobody fucking cares.\n\nEdit: If you really find a need to talk about how \"superior\" your gaming experience is, then you probably need to get out more.", "[deleted]", "Yet one million PS4s sold on launch day. Different strokes my friend! I don't give a shit what you play on or what anyone else plays on. I just find it funny that the majority of gamers probably use consoles over high end gaming rigs, and yet PC gamers are baffled why people even but consoles. I don't doubt that it is better when it comes to graphics, that would be ignorant. PC is just not for me though, I don't care to build my own or spend money on a new PC, games, and accessories. Believe it or not some people just like console gaming.", "It looks amazing after mods, something consoles couldn't do.", "Well yes but only if you think of it as just a pretty picture maker.\n\nIt's just as simplistic and dumbed-down as it ever was. The only thing going for it is that at least it isn't Oblivion!", "\"at least it isn't Oblivion!\" What is that supposed to mean? Oblivion was game, even better than Skyrim in my opinion.", "Nobody plays skyrim anymore, they play \"modding skyrim\"", "Hm. Everyone keeps talking about Skyrim, maybe I should give it a shot. ", "Skyrim.  Rocks.", "TIL that pc people are so verbal about there superiority that it makes me never want to get a gaming pc in fear that I will turn in to a awful horrible person that doesn't deserve a pc", "Skyrim, like all Bethesda games is ugly as hell. They're also a total bore. ", "Well that's just like your opinion man.", "Bethesda games are dumbed down garbage for casual idiots who make up most of reddit. ", "You sound like the ultimate gamer", "They've been dumbed down, I think most would agree that Morrowind was the last TRUE definitive Bethesda Elder Scrolls experience. What Oblivion and Skyrim were, was in essence a shell of a great game which modders took up and made into an incredible experience.\n\nBtw, you sound like a little cynical, self-ego boosting douche believing most everyone on reddit is a casual idiot.", "Oh come on, let's get with the time here. I've been with the series since Daggerfall but I still find Skyrim a true \"ES experience\". It's just a product of the evolution of RPGs, like any other genre.\n\nI don't think it's fair to say it's \"dumbed down\". It's just more accessible, as it should be.", "Fair perspective on it, I agree that it is more accessible. I will give you that.", "What games aren't casual garbage then, oh all knowing lord of games?", "Mintyhalls vs. mustybals", "Well in the picture it's heavily modded with probably Very High settings. ", "Looks Vanilla to me. ", "Is it? I thought some of the colors have been changed from the usual grey to a more vibrant choice. And the draw distance seems much larger. But I may be wrong. ", "No, pretty vanilla. I got visuals like that all the time in vanilla Skyrim, on high (not very high or ultra) settings. Mods made it much better, sure, but there's a reason I fell in love with the game.", "Ah, okay sorry about that. Thanks for the clarification! ", "Actually it looked like shit, always has. Even with mods it's not that good looking. Such an over rated piece of junk.", "Well what game do you consider to have \"good looking\" graphics?", "Skyrim looks like putrid garbage even on PC", "I want to play what you're playing, because apparently you've gotten hold of some groundbreakingly stellar-looking games that the rest of us sure haven't."]["yup. looks like a video game. ", "Yeah. I don't even understand what's noteworthy about this picture.\n\nIs this some sort of pro-PC gaming circle-jerk? I can't even tell. ", "&gt; Is this some sort of pro-PC gaming circle-jerk? I can't even tell.\n\nYes, apparently there is some sort of war going on right now.", "I'm confused, last I checked this sub was super pro-pc.  Now pc gamers on this sub seem to be desperately trying to defend themselves and I *cannot* even fathom why it matters.", "OF COURSE IT MATTERS!!! What do you think we are going to do? Go play video games the way we want to and have fun? Do you think this is a... game....", "People act like it is a hobby and not my main reason for living. ", "Wait, it's not?", "/r/pcmasterace ", "It got banned ;( ^^my ^^eye ^^is ^^twitching", "The mods are not pro-PC though.  They've been going and banning a shit ton of pc gamers and removing pc-related posts and such.  The community is pretty equal console-pc wise, but the mods most certainly are not.", "&gt;  pretty equal console-pc wise,\n\nWhat?", "Maybe its because they went and banned 45k PC users. \n\nJust a guess.", "They didn't ban the users they banned the subreddit.", "From a singular subreddit, that you guys got back today. Stop trying prove something, cause you arent", "We can't post in it yet.", "can or cant?", "Can't, English is hard.", "May be because they are being dicks? ", "And the obvious response is to annoy the hell out of other users on a different subreddit.", "I didn't condone it, I simply explained why it was happening. ", "It matters because PC gaming related posts are being deleted by mods.", "At first one or two, but then the idiots started spaming so fuck them ", "Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought only ONE post was deleted. And it was because it was simply a picture of a PC, not explicitly gaming-related.", "It was a picture of a gaming PC, no different than people that post pictures of nothing else than their consoles.", "Were, and mod (Singular). \n\nTL;DR: Doesn't matter.", "this is getting so meta", "It looks very good, the gun textures look phenomenal. Oh well you knew that but whatever.", "1620p", "It looks so similar to BF3 on Ultra, i don't get whats so incredible about this?", "http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/1qzcq9/why_is_rgaming_having_a_pc_circlejerk_and_bashing/", "I'm going to guess that it's a resolution joke. ", "Some admin on /r/gaming made a stupid mistake by removing a PC gaming post saying PCs are not only for gaming. Now I wake up to this subreddit being full of pc gaming related posts ", "Should've added \"childhood\" somewhere in the title.", "So shiny", "Maybe the mini map is why op posted this?\n\n", "so he used a pixel lossy jpg compression on it and its now around 2100x1250 by ruler.", "You should probably turn around.", "He's on the test range, nothings gonna kill him. ", "That's what they want you to think.", "Oh fuck. ", "Tangos on your six!", "BECAUSE SEVEN EIGHT NINE", "Every now and then I get a little bit lonely...", "Turn around...", "Who cares?! OP is just enjoying the nice view wich he can take back to his grave and remember forever!", "About 90% of people on Bf3 never used their maps. Lol is it much different in BF4 now?", "No, people still don't bother to spot targets or to use the radar.  I was hoping the re-addition of commander and targeted UAVs would help change this behavior, but oh well.", "I have a question, and I will probably be downvoted because everyone is on some PC circlejerk today but it is an honest question.\n\nI see a lot of poor reviews of battlefield 4 crashing on PC and basically being unplayable online.  Are these well founded?  ", "Not as bad as it was during the launch week, I haven't had an in-game or server crash for a good week or so. Now I only seem to crash while the next match loads if at all.", "It's not unplayable but yes even after some major patches, lots of crashes. It's mostly client side now whereas before there were lots of server crashes which meant you lost any stats, unlocks, or ranks you earned in that game.\n\nI look at it as Good Guy Battlefield. Finish a game, crash, oh, I guess it must be time to grab some food and stretch.", "I don't understand how so many people are getting crashes; I'm on 15 hours now and no crashes at all. I haven't even encountered any bugs apart from a couple if graphical glitches.", "It really depends. Some days it's fine, other days it crashes every time between rounds, other days it's multiple times in a round. Conversely one of my friends I play with has never had a crash. ", "Yep.  It dies on me after 2 or 3 maps.\n\nSame with all my friends.", "I'm very sorry to hear about your loss. Friends are hard to come by.", "Fucking admins, messing with the respawn timers :(", "If you die in the Matrix...", "They've fixed most of the crahses. The only one left is unfortunately the most major one where the game freezes and the sound skips.", "The good old seizure simulator.", "I was wondering if that was just my system.  Glad to hear its a known issue.", "I have been crashing a lot less now, and I haven't seen a server crash in a long time. The only time I seem to crash is when the map is switching.\n\nbut I also heard BF4 on PS4 is unplayable so far", "It's a bit crashy.", "Crashed once so far on ps4 for me, not as bad as people say, what is the problem? It Is a really hard thing to make a game perfect.", "Ive heard about it but haven't experienced any of that. Online works fine for me.", "You know, it's probably not that bad on console. I played BF3 on Xbox Live and it was a lot of fun. Yeah, sucks that the maps are smaller, teams are smaller, number of vehicles on the map at the same time is smaller. But it was still a lot of fun, I had a lot of good times before the newer DLC hit and the community was fragmented.", "The crashing issues have been mitigated, but sound issues and server side lag still seem to be pretty pervasive issues.  I think the PS4 release is still crash-tastic, but it was a couple of weeks for the major PC issues to be resolved, so I would expect the same thing for PS4.", "I got it a few days ago, and I havn't had a single problem with it.  I'm sure I'm one of the lucky ones though.\n", "I've had a crash here and there but nothing too frustrating. There was a point I think where games that did crash resulted in lost stats, but I have not had that happen yet, thankfully.\n\nOverall it's a great game, but needs some much needed TLC in a few departments. \n\nOut of curiosity, which OS/GPU are you running?", "Windows 8 with a Gigabyte 280X", "I didn't crash at all today, although yesterday I was crashing every 30 minutes or so. ", "Not had any problems at all except for the sound when I'm in vehicles sometimes. No crashes so far", "I had 1 crash. That's been it. I have never had a single problem otherwise. ", "there were times during which it was completely unplayable (insta crash after 2 min of gameplay) resulting in no points gained as you kept leaving game before the rounds ended.\n\nIts really random at the moment, sometimes I can play a two hour session with no problems whatsoever, at other times i get disconnected from servers after playing for several minutes. Its a real shame since it actually does have potential for being a great game, but then again EA is EA.", "Unplayable? No not at all I've had a lot of fun.\n\nCrashing? Yes, sometimes but it's not enough to get you riled up, loading times are pretty quick so getting back in a game is easy.", "Couple the crashes with the fact that pretty much no one knows how to play the game properly. I've pretty much stopped playing because in conquest, squads deploy all over the place, don't actually follow or make orders, snipers camp the whole match, pretty much everyone tries to get the most kills etc.", "Yea it was really bad at first, it seems to be mostly fixed now.", "for some reason its crashing on every plataform, i got it on my 360 and i could make any custom matches, now i have it on the ps4 and there is no conquest mode for some reason, the game crashes everytime time i try it.\n\ni think DICE or EA announced they know about this and are trying to fix it ", "I haven't had any issues.  Running great on my cheap old gaming PC and my Macbook Retina.\n\nAlthough EA and BF games are notorious for having issues.  Main reason being so many different systems to work with and a huge rush to release the game. Not to mention how many people probably haven't updated their drivers for years.\n", "When the match is over and the server is changing maps I often crash, but you can just hit join again and you are in!", "For me its been nearly unplayable. \n\nMeantime, Ghosts on max settings on PC looks really shockingly great: \nhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=192425330", "Those rocks on the bottom left looks so out of place.", "Just gonna ask, me being slow and all, why all the PC players are having a stab at the consoles all of a sudden? Did i miss some sort of invasion of r/gaming?", "Ya, but I'm not exactly sure what it is, heh.  Something happened with a moderator that was removing pc gaming posts or something.  Then every one went crazy and started doxing the guy and called a bomb threat in his name or something?  I only caught bits and pieces of it the last day or so, and haven't really cared.  But, there's a ton of drama if you want to get involved lol.  Honestly, I'm mostly a pc gamer, but I also have a ps3 and xbox 360 as well so..... whatever!", "I think its because their Pcmasterace Subreddit got banned.", "Wait, why?", "If you search for Pcmaster race in the search bar there should be a thread explaining all.", "[deleted]", "Bro delete your comment before you get banned. \n\nEDIT: I know that's what happened, and thanks for letting me know. But apparently users are getting shadowbanned for posting anything regarding the incident. \n", "That's actually what happened. ", "From my understanding, that is what led to the ban", "Yes it is, you're right.", "No idea... I love my PC and my PS3. Usually I just choose the system that most of my friends play on.\n\nI was a hardcore CS player and it took a thousand hours or so of COD to get used to the PS controller, but I had so much fun before I got the YLOD. \n\nNow I'm torn between upgrading my PC and buying a PS4...", "I say upgrade. 400 will take you a long way if you already have some decent parts. PS4 will get better games in spring and maybe a price cut next fall. ", "I second this. There's nothing stopping you from picking up a PS4 later down the road when it has an established game library and a cheaper price. $400 is a *huge* series of upgrades for your PC. You could sell the old parts to pay for the newer ones. ", "Go with what your friends play on, man!", "I kinda disagree. Go with what you'd rather have. If you have no preference then let that be your second choice. Personally I'm not going to give up comfortable responsive controls, smooth framerates and the ability to run my HDTV at it's native res without scaling and settle with frustratingly slow controls just because some friends chose consoles. Rather I'll pick what I enjoy more and just try to convert them over. The fact is, unless your the type that jumps on the same multiplayer game every single day, your probably not spending the majority if your time gaming with friends you personally know anyway (unless they live with you?). Also in my case it's varied, some friends are on PC, one on Xbox and some on PS3.", "Do you really think the consoles run that shitty? I have never had a problem with that before.", "GTA IV.", "Online?", "I'd upgrade your PC! Wait for the PS4 to get a \"slim\" redesign and a price drop, PC game until then (if you can wait ~2 years). You don't want a launch-edition console for the bugginess, and you probably don't want a slim launch edition for the same reasons. I built my first computer four years ago and honestly never looked back; in the past year I've used my PS3 to play Ni No Kuni and GTA V, and nothing else (though I guess that counts as slightly looking back). I have a couple thousand hours across multiple games like Skyrim, BF3/4, Civilization V, and Kerbal Space Program on PC.\n\nI think you'd find an upgrade way worth your time, highly entertaining, and enough to carry you through to when the PS4 is slimmer, cheaper, and has a robust game lineup to offer.", "Mod banned a few people and deleted a few posts and that was a dick move, but then the little fuckers started spamming ", "Insecurity.", "I just feel bad that I only have a 1080p monitor to view this on.", "[deleted]", "How do you force a higher resolution than your monitors resolution!??! AHHHHHH MY BRAIN??\n\nProvide step by step instructions for GTX 780 pleaazze", "[deleted]", "Why not just use AA? That's almost exactly what it does anyway.", "This IS a type of AA. AA is Anti-aliasing and there are a ton of different methods to do it. MSAA used to be the most common. What this is describing is a sort of FSAA where they are just taking a higher resolution of the image and scaling it down. FXAA is newer type of smart AA where it tries to find where the jaggies are and fix it. It tends not to be perfect and in my opinion, looks the worst but is VERY fast compared to the other methods.\n\nThe best looking is usually a mixture of these types. Instead of doing 8xMSAA, one could do 2XMSAA and run FXAA also. Lower performance hit but similar result. Depending on the engine though, certain AA techniques might not work. For example, right now, Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn uses a post processing lighting engine which prevents MSAA from working as it would perform BEFORE the lighting is done making the images look weird. So we are stuck with FXAA which is a post-processing form of Anti Aliasing. Now, FSAA would work but is not in the options for this game but faking it by doing what is described above could do it and I actually can't wait to try this method when I get home. Had no idea you could do this.", "[deleted]", "So at a downscaled resolution, would I be sacrificing anything by not using an in-game AA option?\n\nWould 2880x1620 with no AA look better than 1080p with 4-8x AA? How much does the frame rate drop in comparison?", "I am so confused...why buy a 1440p monitor if you can just do this?", "Did not know this was a thing...And I already felt like I got my money's worth out of my 780 before. Thank you, sir.", "Think my 660 could handle this down sampling action?", "TIL : My twin GTX 600ti's overclocked cannot handle BF4 on ultra at 1800p", "Isn't this called Supersampling? ", "[deleted]", "Great reply. Those Borderlands screenshots look amazing and I want to try this when I get home!\n\nALSO, you guys may have solved the issue I have been having with FFXIV. The anti-aliasing in this game is horrible but if I super-sample it using the nvidia settings, it might look amazing!", "[deleted]", "There is a HUD scale option in now isn't there? It might work!\n\nI wish they would just put in some proper Anti-Aliasing instead of just FXAA which looks like garbage.", "I have never thought of doing this. I have a 780 on its way. Going to have to try this. ", "You need a monitor that's able to support that", "Not really. That other guy posted something with nvidia settings. On Linux I have done this on a netbook with 1024x600 for a presentation with cloned displays on a 1024x768 projector: http://crunchbang.org/forums/viewtopic.php?id=20634 Not sure whether there's a generic way on windows.", "In bf4 and in most future frostbite games you can just change the resolution scale option ingame. Otherwise you have to mess around with your AMD/Nvidia drivers, there is a guide on neogaf for Nvidia cards.", "[deleted]", "That's why I said most and not all. Need for speed rivals is the exception to the rule according to one of the engine developers.", "This is exactly what anti-aliasing does (at least FSAA and MSAA).\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multisample_anti-aliasing", "So as opposed to choosing a resolution my monitor doesn't support, I could just crank up AA?", "So is 2880X1620 1620p?", "Yes", "Still looks like a game", "through the eye of a fish. ", "[deleted]", "That pretty much depends on the area of your actual Field of View taken up by your monitor.", "Today's PC Gaming circle jerk seems to fall along the line of a really buff dude with a popped collar and a backwards cap sprinting over to a guy in a wheelchair and bragging about how he can run and the dude in the chair can't.\n\nI've never heard any console manufacturer or gamer claim consoles are more powerful than PCs. That would be stupid.\n\nWhat? A thing that can have its parts swapped out on a whim looks better than something that costs a billion dollars to develop and has to last and look decent enough for 10 years? Whoda fuckin thunk it. \n\nAt least console tards piss and scream over their respective, comparable consoles. Comparing PCs and consoles is like comparing a ferrari to a pinto.\n\nEvery platform has their idiots, but as a primarily PC Gamer, I gotta say, PC Gamers take the metaphorical cake.\n\nNext you're going to tell me that the PS4 is more powerful than the 3DS!", "According to one of the /r/gaming mods who has been picking fights with the PC gamers lately, \"there's nothing that your PC can do that consoles cannot do better.  Fuck off.\"", "That mod sounds like an idiot.", "An EA CTO made the claim that the ps4 will be more powerful than a current pc.\n\nhttp://www.computerandvideogames.com/408812/ps4-and-xbox-one-a-generation-ahead-of-high-end-pcs-ea-cto/ ", "[deleted]", "I totally agree, I was just showing that there actually are some people that misinformed.", "I don't think he's looking at these posts.  Why does this subreddit have to suffer because of what one cooperate prick said.  Send him an e-mail and explain to him why he's wrong instead of flexing on reddit.", "How will the subreddit suffer because of this one misinformed or lying man? \n\nHow is informing someone, in a private message, about how their broad and sweeping generalizations going to hold them even slightly accountable for their misinformation?\n\nLet's all calm down abit, eh?", "I would say that EA should look into replacing that guy, because its obvious that CTO isn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but he's obviously just guilty of hyperbole and trying to hype the crap out of EA's most profitable platforms.\n\nIf he honestly believes what he says, though, he's an idiot, and should be given a pair of floaties anytime he uses the bathroom, you know, just in case he falls in.", "I personally think he is a toolbag that is trying to convince gullible parents and people into believing that the consoles are more powerful, so they'll buy them, as they probably make more money off of consolers", "so? who gives a fuck", "Maybe people with just a hint of empathy for those who got scammed.\n\nI'm not saying that everyone who buys a console is scammed, but the people who bought it thinking that it would perform better than a pc(albeit a more expensive device)", "The people that do this are the people who care as much about how many FPS they're getting or what their graphics benchmark scores are as much as actually playing a game.\n\nIt's not about debating gaming hardware, it's just a bunch of nerds basically stroking each other off.", "Actually the fight started on a series of fanboy YouTube videos released a couple years ago.  Really lit the fire with PC trolling.  Being a gamer of both, I find my uses for both.  FPS/immersive games on PC, 3rd person action/Sports on console.", "The circlejerk isn't random. See the thread at the top of the subreddit by the mods and you'll understand why so many PC posts are being made today. It's a meta in-your-face.", "I completely disagree with the guy, but the circlejerk seems like it's trying as hard as it can to prove him right. This is extremely immature and counterproductive to the enjoyment of the subreddit by gamers of all types. ", "If they were proving the mod right, then all the top posts would be deleted. It's a fitting irony that the rules allow for everything that is currently highest rated, but not the actual PC-related posts from the other day.", "I love the smell of jealousy in the morning!", "[deleted]", "I love my new Sony 65\" 4k TV. Too bad it'll be a while before monitors will become cheaper. ", "Solution: use it as your monitor.\n\nI use a 42'' LCD TV as a monitor.  Best $500 I've ever spent (in 2010)", "I've never seen a TV that looked good as a monitor. That TV is only 1080 right? How far away is it?", "I'm about 3.5 feet from it. With games at 1080p and some AA I have no complaints\n\nMovies are also great", "Do you use it for...not games? I can see the font aliasing on my 24\" 1920x1200 monitor at 3 feet away, cut the PPI in half and I would hate reading anything.", "Plenty.  I'm using it right now to type this.  Some fonts look a bit jagged against certain backgrounds (like on the desktop a little bit), but I'm using the night mode on reddit enhancement suite and it looks fine.  I have no trouble reading long documents or articles, either.\n\nMight be up to preference.  You may notice it more than I do.", "&gt; That TV is only 1080 right?\n\nthis is how you know we've come a long way", "Agreed. Been using my big screen as a monitor going all the way back to 2002. I'll never go 'small' again, haha.", "60hz? or 24-30hz?", "60hz but [this](http://www.sony.com.au/product/kd-65x8504a) is what I got if you want more info of it.\n\n", "If you look at the specs it runs 60hz in 1080p but when you run 4k resolutions, it only does 24, 25, or 30hz.", "So, not so good for gaming. \n\nWhich is why I am waiting for a monitor that will be less than $1k at the very least.\n\nAnd maybe make a multimonitor setup while I'm at it.", "Yeah. Unfortunately not good for gaming. I guess slower games at 30hz isn't the end of the world. It'd be pretty!", "It is, specially when playing BF4 on it.\n\nSingle player only though lol", "Where do you get 4k content from right now? Your PC? I always ask Sony reps where I'm supposed to get 4k material and they're stumped. In turn I'm stumped.", "Youtube. It's not much but my friend sent me a [playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5BF9E09ECEC8F88F&amp;feature=em-share_playlist_user) of 4k vids on it.\n\nThere are some 4k vids that can be played there as well as some upscaled bluray vids (which you will need a capable bluray player for which I do not currently have but the ps4 apparently does this so I may buy it later on)\n\nI've just recently bought a new HTPC that is 4k ready as well and it is just gorgeous to look at. ", "Ah I see. Not a ton of content yet, but things sure as hell will look great in the future. HDTV was the same when it first came out too. Nature channels and lots of sports. ", "What do you watch in 4k?", "Don't have any native source vids at the moment but youtube does have a [playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5BF9E09ECEC8F88F&amp;feature=em-share_playlist_user) featuring 4k content.", "I thought HIGH settings were absolutely beautiful =/", "Nope!", "Wohoo! Thanks for confirming.", "I've seen many circle jerks on reddit and /r/gaming. But I honestly think it's time to unsubscribe. This latest one is fucking ridiculous and nauseating. ", "I decided to resubscribe to /r/gaming last week to give it another shot. I thought maybe it wasn't as bad as I had first thought. I was wrong.", "you picked the worst time to resubscribe to this subreddit. Im seriously considering not comnig back to this.", "The next-gen consoles need an upgrade to do this. But they won't upgrade for ten years.", "I'm so jealous that your dirt looks better than my dirt. You win. ", "my dirt looks slightly better...and for only four thousand more.", "I was too busy looking at the Mutha feckin SERIAL number of the gun.", "You could read serial numbers in bf3 on ps3. How bad do you think consoles are?", "hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah", "maximum disrespect", "Drop bows on em", "Laughing straight to the bank\n\n\n\n\n^^^^^^^trick2g ^^^^^^^for ^^^^^^^anyone ^^^^^^^curious", "**HAW HAW HAWHAWHAWH HAAAAWW**", "LATA", "Hue hue hue hue Hue hue hue", "kek kek kek", "It doesn't matter what a console can or cannot do, until 4K television sets are less than $2,000 those resolutions won't be visible in the living room which is where consoles are intended to be played.\n\nSure, you can get a 2560 x 1600 monitor for $500. But it's only 30 inches. \n\nhttp://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA2RY1649430\n\nThat may be fine if you're gaming from 1 foot away, but any more than that and you won't be able to tell the difference between it and a 1080p set.\n\nhttp://www.engadget.com/2006/12/09/1080p-charted-viewing-distance-to-screen-size/", "Heyooo!!!!!  \n\nhttp://www.engadget.com/2013/04/15/seiki-offcially-prices-its-50-inch-4k-tv-at-1500-for-late-april/", "im not sure, but i thought i read somewhere that those tv's dont do true 60hz, effectively running at 30hz", "That's more a limitation of [HDMI 1.4](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HDMI#Version_comparison).  To do 60hz  today you'll need to use DisplayPort or wait for HDMI 2.0 capable displays to come on the market.\n", "It is a limitation of HDMI, not the sets. If you get a 4k with DisplayPort or Thunderbolt its fine.\n", "and.... http://www.amazon.com/Seiki-Digital-SE50UY04-50-Inch-120Hz/dp/B00BXF7I9M/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1367603051&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=seiki+4k", "How about a $700 4k TV?\n\nhttp://www.seiki.com/products/seikiPro/4k.php", "It's $496 on sear's from the link on that site...", "As someone who sold TVs at Sears, every seiki TV we ever sold got returned from either just overall shit quality or if I let was good enough to tolerate spending 500 dollars on a 55 inch TV they broke in less than a year. ", "Best buy employee here. I was told this was the reason we don't carry them. Instead, our shit brand is Westinghouse. ", "Every store has their shit brand that people will flock to because hey that's a big led TV for not much money, why would I spend more money on a Samsung that costs so much money. Because you little shit you are paying for quality. I would tell people all day you have 3 choices, good build quality, not expensive good picture quality pick two. ", "FWIW I do play my console and my PC on the same screen...a monitor from a couple feet away.\n\nWritten from my 2880 x 1800 monitor...on my laptop.", "I've seen a 1440p display(not mine, a friend's) and it's immediately noticeable how much clearer it is at a distance of even around 10 feet; this should be an even bigger difference. Let's not pretend that it's not a huge leap forward in clarity. While those displays are expensive, they won't be for long. ", "1080p@60fps would be nice though", "Exactly my point. Consoles are going to look like crap when the 4k TVs start becoming rapidly adopted. If I had a console, I wouldn't want to upgrade from 1080p because the newest TV hardware are going to amplify the imperfections in the console version. However, the PC version will look even better on the newest displays.", "This just isn't true. People seem to think that somehow, the massive resolution jump will work well with our current hardware. I can't even run modern games at full settings and get 60 fps solidly at 1200p on a GTX 660 TI. What makes people think that 4k is going to help things so much? Sure, you'll have incredible details, but unless you're running SLI and 680s, you're not going to be seeing an improvement.", "The hardware requirements for 4K gaming will scale down over time as technology becomes more powerful. It will be like the transition to 1080p that began 8-9 years ago. 4K is already being the next target and hardware manufacturers are going to continually release better gear that will enable us to get closer to the goal.", "The issue is our software side of things has *drastically* improved. Tessellation, Ambient Occlusion, Anti-Aliasing, and Shaders have *vastly* improved in recent years. It's one of the only benefits of the stagnation of resolution in the last 5-7 years. Developers were able to work on physics and superficial improvements much more, resulting is good looking effects - they just don't scale well at this point. 4k is going to take a lot longer than you think to be effective. You're going to be running games on medium that your computer can run on ultra today. Unless we're ok with the whole consoles are the standard thing, we're going to be downgrading our graphics with 4k to meet the hardware needs. Basically - really high resolution textures, but console quality shadows and such.", "Fair point, and you get an upvote. Resolution did stagnate in the past 5-7 years, but there were hardly any displays that made 1080 seem obsolete. 4K really seems to be the future, and more hardware and games are supporting these resolutions.", "Games already support 4k. The issue isn't whether they support it. Let me put into into perspective for you:\n\n1080p is standard. Games run at 60fps. 3 years pass. The resolution hasn't changed, but hardware is still improving, so shadows and such got better and better. Games look better(textures are still the same, which can be noticable). Now, say we were to suddenly jump up to 4k. Now all these awesome improvements to game effects are going to be completely raped by literally quadrupling resolution. We were already min-maxing our hardware, and now the goal is to have those effects work on a quadrupled resolution? Not going to happen any time soon.\n\nOne of two options happens (more than likely the latter). We spend years waiting for hardware to catch up and still use 1080p, or we nerf the shit out of graphics and move to 4k as planned in the next few years (consoles will reign supreme in this regard, and we'll end up with a similar effect we've had in the last few years, games stagnating graphically for a while).", "I don't agree and here's why, but your arguments deserve another upvote. \n\nWe already have top-end hardware today running 4K with the best effects. It is strictly limited to the the high end spectrum, though. However, we already see top-end hardware of yesteryear be supplanted by today's mid-end hardware (such as the GTX 580 and GTX 660 Ti). An extreme example is the Samaritan demo. It took 3 580's to render the scene, but only took one 680 to do the same. This rapid cycle of increasing performance will allow mid-end hardware in 2-4 years to be capable of 4K rendering without sacrificing graphical fidelity.", "I guess I should rephrase. The issue currently is that consumer devices (eg. PCs that aren't $3k+) aren't capable to doing it effectively. The top of the line games, running at just 2560x1600 and such, require 2x$1000 graphics cards to play maxed out (eg. Metro Last Light). I don't consider that to be reasonable from a consumer's perspective.\n\nYou're also EXTREMELY underestimating how much of an impact resolution has. It increases the strain on *every* graphics setting, and we're talking about *quadrupling it*.", "4k is where gaming PCs transform into 'Premium Gaming' appliances", "4k TVs won't become house hold items for a minimum of 6-8 years, maybe even longer. PS5 will be out by then for almost sure. ", "It took PS4 7 years after the PS3 to be released, and SONY is suggesting an even longer cycle this time. The adoption of 4K televisions and monitors will become rapid once they reach the sweet spot of sub-$1000. Price wars caused the 1080p sets to drop in price rapidly. One can fit a similar scenario for 4K sets.", "[deleted]", "lol, your bitcoin price is a little off there autocurrencybot. Even with the recent fluctuations that's a bit of an extreme guesstimate ", "lol what? you're trying to predict tech for the next 8 years?\n\n", "Take a look at how long it took 1080p TVs with HDMI to become standard. 6 to 8 years sounds reasonable because people don't just run out and buy a new TV for new technology. They wait for their existing set to die before upgrading.\n\nThat's why 3D TV never caught on. People had their 1080p sets and didn't see the need to upgrade.", "Just using common sense with a little help of prior knowledge. ", "Not really. Most people couldn't give a shit. \n\nBesides, what good is 2880x1800 when it's just the same old game recycled?", "If you're claiming 720p is the majority preference, I have to beleive you're on the console side of this.\n\nIf you're claiming that every game that will be released on the PS4/Xbox One will be the same old game recycled, I have to believe you're on the PC side of things.\n\nYou're a confusing person.", "...upgrade to what?\n\nAm i the only one who isn't really even remotely impressed by this? What am i supposed to be looking at? ", "&gt;...upgrade to what?\n\nPS5/XBox361/WiiNii", "What i was saying is this: is this screenshot supposed to be graphically impressive? \n\nBecause I'm pretty underwhelmed. \n\nI don't think it looks all that great, in fact, you could have told me this was Battlefield 3 and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference. ", "Oh, gotcha. Yeah, really crappy utilization of the potential.", "I agree, the gun looks nice, but look 10 feet in the \"background\" (Which is what you will be looking at when actually playing the game, I should add) and you see the ATV, which looks like it isn't even textured because of the fast texture mip-map fall off I would guess. \n\nMy point is at a certain point graphics don't really matter that much, what we really need is gameplay innovation. Things like better character control/movement, dynamic environments, etc.", "There is absolutely zero soul in the screenshot posted. It's high res and that's about it. I bought my computer for over $3000 NZ dollars (to be fair that included a VERY nice monitor at the time) about 3 years ago. I could not run BF4 anywhere near 60fps at this quality. A ps4 will cost me $649 NZ, + the tv (or I could use the monitor I have to my pc). To me it is completely non-comparable for performance vs price. \n\nWith anti-aliasing I don't even find the high res necessary past a certain point. \n\nThe design and artist skill is the bottleneck at this point. I'm not saying Battlefield 4 isn't pretty, it is, but it's simply competent. The textures are high res and the lighting is great. You get a game like Last of Us or Portal 2 or Bioshock Infinite, and the design cuts through the fidelity to make a truly beautiful game. Hell, you even see indie games like Hyperlight Drifter which are essentially pixel art, but the craftsmanship and the animation is what makes it still look amazing. \n\nEDIT: Just before anyone from the US starts telling me I got ripped off, it was a built PC, with medium high level components (nowhere near top of the range). You guys have a VERY sweet deal when it comes to computer parts. And no, we can't buy them from overseas because they get taxed coming in. ", "Red dead redemption ", "I forgot that game exists.", "So true and sad. They are outdated before release. Will they hold the gaming industry back or be left in the dust?", "&gt; or be left in the low-res bitmap flat, dust-like texture used for the ground?\n\nFixed.", "Honestly? It depends on the company. Due to the new hardware setups (PC hardware in consoles) you can develop a bomb ass game and then 'adjust' the settings so to speak for the console versions. The real question is whether they'll spend the time making them better for PCs, or just stick with making shit just good enough for consoles.", "I don't think they will necessarily hold us back. Over the past few years pc gaming has been progressing even though both consoles were no where near as powerful. Of coarse there will always be shitty ports from console like COD Ghosts, but there will also be games that take advantage of the power of a PC and look amazing like Battlefield 4. ", "Hmm. I've got BF for PC and PS4 and I can hardly tell the difference between them when running BF on full settings. Just a tad more realistic shading maybe for PC. Colors and other effects are almost indistinguishable between the two. IMO.", "Here, I did it for you. http://imgur.com/vwCcPwA I downsampled the original picture to 900p (Ps4 resolution) and then upscaled it 1620p. The PC's resolution produces a much sharper image due to higher pixel density. The difference is comparable to the difference between the next-gen and current-gen rendering of BF4. Actually, this comparison actually makes the PS4 look better than it should because I substituted a downscaled PC image for the PS4 image.", "Huh. Thanks for doing that. I'm going to have to run them back to back and see what I think. From just general perception, I couldn't notice that much of a difference, but the photo you've shown looks pretty major between the two. I ran BF for two hours on PS4 last night and I don't remember my guns looking as choppy as this photo shows them to be. But I'll be paying better attention this evening. ", "You have a lot of artifacting in the simulated PS4 resolution. Could you do it again using PNG compression?", "Absolutely. http://imgur.com/01EDP6z  PNG has less artifacting.", "You might want to consider getting glasses if you think that the blurry upscaled 900p can be compared to native 1080 (or more) P.", "He probably has a 720p monitor. Or his eyes were destroyed due to the awesome anti aliasing capabilities of the consoles.", "Watch out, you will be hunted down for saying something like this. It's \"international suck PC's dick day\".", "I know right? Can't be a fan of multiple platforms, haha. ", "op is just someone using a console from 10 years in the future.", "[Console gamers](http://cdn.niketalk.com/e/ea/350x700px-LL-ea4fc166_maximum-over-rustle-jimmies-shaking-13537619370.gif)", "And by then, we'll all be Occulus Rift / holo decking around in HL3.\n\nFuck consoles. ", "HL3.  10 years is optimistic.", "The real money will be in padded rooms ... you know ... so you don't bump into shit.", "Just take two seconds to compare the best looking PC games of 2005 to the best looking game on the consoles in the past 5 years. You might have been running Battlefield 2 on 2560 x 1600 at Ultra settings but has nothing against Battlefield 3 or 4 on the PS3 or Xbox 360 at 720P or below.\n\n[Battlefield 2 - 1680x1050](http://www.widescreengaming.net/images/d/d5/BF2-1680x1050.jpg)", "What is the point you are trying to make? Of course, BF3 looks better than BF2! BF2 is as old as Xbox 360! Are you saying PC's can't play BF3, and BF3 can be played on the consoles? Mmmmmkay?", "&gt;2005\n\n&gt;best looking game on the consoles in the past 5 years\n\nPast 5 years is 2009, not 2005. \n\n[Crysis Warhead, 2008, 1920x1080](http://cdn.gpforums.co.nz/attachment.php?s=&amp;postid=6653192)\n\n[Race Driver: GRID, 2008, 1920x1080](http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/l57ssiH2EhM/maxresdefault.jpg?feature=og)", "[deleted]", "Im not seeing what the point of this photo is.", "Look at all those shades of brown and gray. Stunning.", "DAE PC GAMING?", "I went to a Gaming Cafe of Monday, they had BF4 but the computers were old and i had to play on low settings, as a long time CoD player who is good i looked at the graphics, looked back to my BO2 on max graphics, looked to BO2 on 360 and went.\n\nBF4 on low settings still look better then any CoD did.", "Amazing, this looks just like BF3!", "I play BF4 on low and it still looks great.", "Is it bad I find it extremely difficult to tell bf3 and bf4 apart?", "Maybe, but it might honestly depend on the person. I could understand that, but the general aesthetic seems much different to me. ", "I mean specifically those little barriers filled with bricks and other rubble, they look exactly the same, just a little cleaner.", "Assets are reused in any game series. ", "This screenshot looks awesome on my MacBook Pro's Retina display.", "This looks like Battlefield 3.", "Actually agree (650 hours in BF3, 60 hours in BF4 both on PC). Not that much of a graphical improvement, I'm somewhat disappointed but the good gameplay makes up for it.", "[deleted]", "it's incredibly expensive to redesign a game from the ground up, new engine etc.. That being said COD has really dragged on with their engine,  At least this is really only the second iteration of frostbite 2. ", "frostbite 3*\n", "Yeah like totally updating the engine, making more levolution happen, new units, game mechanics, etc\n\nEvery new COD is just updated but still 4 years old graphics on the shitty tiny maps. All the cod maps could fit on just one BF4 map.", "I believe the Battlefield series is somewhat akin to a roller coaster they have something going great for them and then for no reason in particular they change or remove some of these features. The next game they tend to try and bring back a lot of the lost features while always improving. I refuse to hate on other games I enjoy but don't blindly hate another game til you give it a try.", "Except dice are actually making a good looking game that doesn't cripple 2k dollar PCs ", "Dude, no. You don't have any idea what you are talking about. I have to call you out on this one, despite the pettiness.\n\nBattlefield 2 release date: June 21, 2005\n\nBattlefield 3 release date: October 25, 2011\n\nBattlefield 4 release date: October 29, 2013\n\n6.5 years and then 2 years between releases. This isn't even a trend yet. How can you possibly say what you said?\n\n\nMeanwhile, there have been 11 CoD games in the last 10 years (and that's not even counting the DLC, Zombies, and all that other crap). Not even close man. Not even close.", "[deleted]", "\"Minimal changes from release to release...\"\n\n\"...and had little similarity with BF2.\"\n\nWhich is it? Minimal changes or too many changes? You are very much contradicting yourself in order to win an argument here.\n", "[deleted]", "One instance is not a trend. Not only that, the comparison to CoD is just absurd. It's not even close to the same thing. Maybe it WILL be (and I think it honestly will), but as of right now, not really.", "[deleted]", "BF3 to BF4 is one instance. The other instance is your opposite argument.\n\nEdit: I realize I'm dealing with someone who will just keep moving the goalposts without backing up any of his claims. You can have the win. Enjoy it.", "Where's BC and BC2? We can't forget 1943 either! ", "Well to be honest Battlefield 4 on PS4 is pretty much Battlefield 3 on PC but on the highest settings. \n\nDownvotes can be submitted via snail-mail and a mandatory $10 deposit for admin costs", "This screenshot is not from a PS4 though.", "The scratches on the gun are a bit overdone. I really like the m9 pistol's texture in BF3. It's sucha good looking pistol!\n", "I see you captured a dead pixel in the top left corner.", "sometimes when im bored.. i put this picture on my monitor on full screen and pretend like I could actually run it like this", "Correct me if I'm wrong. But dat annoying menu on the top right is a ps4 menu. ", "You are wrong.  It's on PC too.", "Would you like a screenshot of me playing games on my 65\" tv? Uh huh. ", "Sooooo, was this just posted to start a PC circlejerk?", "I die too often in Battlefield 4 to appreciate the graphics of any PC or console.", "You pc guys and your funky fisheye fov. Yeah. I said it. Now what?! Go ahead I am ready to take your shit!", "I don't run a wide FOV...don't hurt me!", "Very nice. Very, very nice.", "Looks like BF3.\n", "I agree.  Difference is negligible, apart from scale of maps and some added mesh counts.", "Dat color correction", "I'd buy this game but my internet connection sucks so I would always end up being kicked for high ping in BF3(as if it matters if your server can't host not my fault) or connection timed out because if you lose more than 10 seconds of lag you get kicked. Kinda went on a rant butt fuck it.", "singleplayer? or use phone internet?", "$60 for a 4 hour single player game is 10000% not worth it.", "aaaaand now I need a new display.", "Damn, they really put some extreme detail in on this. Zoom in on the gun and look at the scratches. ", "Fucking fantastic!", "Turn arround !!!!!!!", "Dude, you're looking the wrong way, they're all behind you!", "He's on the Test Range, those are target dummies behind him. Good job looking out for OP though.", "Is this the new Indiana Jones game?", "Holy shit that dead pixel at the top left is fucking annoying me.", "You got some shitty FOV stretch going on in there.", "can someone say operation clean sweep?", "What kind of monitor do you have that runs 2880x1620?\n\nAs someone who values screen resolution I really want to know. I was only really able to find 2650x1600 until the 4k monitors came out.", "Got contrast?", "I'm gettin fucked up the ass over here!", "Fairly decent..", "R/mildlyinterestinggaming", "so?", "This really feels like something I'd find on r/circlejerk.", "Well, I give up /r/gaming. Goodbye.", "LOL it really is a garbage heap.", "You're facing the wrong way man", "Jesus at like 120 fov? Lol", "Is that eyefinity stretching on the periphery?", "what did i miss? why is everyone suddenly bashing on consoles?", "Really not all that impressive...\n\n* I am a PC Gamer *", "Then it crashed.", "*Also on Xbox 360, Xbox One, Playstation 3 and Playstation 4", "Can someone tell me how good the hit detection is on the PC version of BF4? The hit detection on BF3 was dogshit I thought.", "we still have a LONG way to go before videogames are at a point of realism....soon...", "In my minds eye it looks exactly the same as Battlefield 2 except I was a kid and enjoyed that more so who gives a shit", "Haha!  Yes!  Lol!  So totally random!\n\nHolds up spork.", "Yup, Looks like BF3", "dae oppressed?", "I can only run it at medium :(", "The coal baskets make me cringe. It's so wrong.\n\"Check out my sharp edges while I'm perfectly flat at the same time\"", "Oh my god who the hell cares.", "Can someone tell me what's going on with this pc thing on r/gaming", "Hurray for you?", "Looks upscaled.", "My crappy pc rums the game om lowest settings but i'm not complaining :)", "~~PC~~ *Mac\n\nWhich Computer was this taken on? rMBP?", "\"totally random\"", "what pc monitor runs that resolution?", "Well I don't have a 2880x1620 monitor so this does nothing for me.", "Didn't believe OP and spent 5 minutes trying to find something in the picture.", "I understand there's some kind of war going on or something here but \"Only on PC\" regardless is the most annoying thing I've read today. Good night.", "Whatever... All the machine guns gave the same serial stamped on the back ", "Saw the guard towers and road, momentarily thought they were bringing Arica Harbor back, realized it most certainly was not that map, was sad.", "Why is everything on r/gaming have pc in the title?", "51049804541 - 005", "Sand looks shit. Try harder vidya ", "I feel that liking PC and console makes me a traitor somehow", "Looks exactly like bf3", "Is this game really different from bf3? is there a point to buy it? I've also heard that there is a lot of crashing issues?", "It doesn't look like an that much of an upgrade from all the other consoles", "This is getting very old very quickly.", "Dat Aliasing...", "There's a bunch of enemies behind you.", "Why are you facing that way? All the enemies are behind you.", "Here are some I took in campaign at ultra 1080p\n\nhttp://imgur.com/a/6tskV \n\nhttp://imgur.com/a/mq5pG\n", "Is this supposed to be a sarcastic post?  I mean BF4 can look impressive on any system, but this screenshot is just unimpressive.", "This game looks great on my PC too. At least until it crashes...", "i play BF4 on my android. looks WAY better", "Such Peesee\n\nSo gameng\n\nMuch best evr\n\nWow", "What is the significance of this post? Did a pretty picture really just get almost 1,000 upvotes?", "Now that's a high resolution!", "Nice. But Ryse looks better at 900p.", "I love Battlefield.", "I CAN'T SEE IT CAUSE MY MONITOR ISN'T X1620", "\"Only on PC\" - Who says something like this lol? Almost cringe worthy..", "That ain't a video game it's real life.", "Let me just pull it up in my screen that doesn't support that resolution... ", "Yup. That looks like Battlefield.", "which is totally fucking useful when your TV is only 1080p.", "Crashes every 5 min.", "2880x1620? Bit of an odd resolution, no? Which monitor are you using?", "2 monitors, probably. ", "I don't know of any computer monitor that has a 2880 wide resolution natively other than the retina macbook's 2880x1800\n\nCould be a multi-monitor setup of 1440x900 x 4", "Looks just like BF3, oh the reason why I'm not getting 4. ", "That is quite a screenshot", "Aw... jpeg...", "What is that? A HUD for ants?", "mmm looks just like consoles.", "oh yes, exactly.", "I'm not sure I can tell the difference between r/circlejerks and r/gaming anymore. :(", "PC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "These comments are bad", "God the PC circlejerk is strong on /r/gaming this week. Getting defensive over less powerful console launches?", "Honestly? It looks a lot like Battlefield 3 at 1280x720.", "Sorry, but this looks nothing like BF3 @ 720p.", "And yes the game is dull.Compared to bfbc2", "PC MASTERACE AMIRITE? SO OP, PC 4 LYFE.", "What is with that contrast?\n", "Christ, that's a beautiful looking game. \n\nOn PC.", "PC players get to enjoy screenshots and crashes", "Wow, I wish I could see all those grey and browns in such high resolution. I couldn't notice the difference between this and bf3 on my Xbox to be honest....\n\nGod it looks just as shitty and uncreative as every other modern shooter. Am I the only one who misses actual colors in games? ", "this game looks absolutely awful. one of the worst looking AAA titles i ever saw. maybe even worse than bf3.", "You sure thats not Battlefield 3?", "Totally random picture of the game crashing. In 540 x 270. [Only on PC](http://cdn.overclock.net/8/8b/8b1317e8_3xk0.png)", "Then it crashes ", "Looks great!  Unless you're running a 2k+ setup, enjoy those 3fps. ", "The ps4 version looks really good, I'm tired of all the haters on it.  Downvotes welcomed "]